URL: https://www.caribbeanhotelandtourism.com
ORG: Caribbean Hotel Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Caribbean Hotel &amp; Tourism Association Skip to content membership@caribbeanhotelandtourism.com (305) 443-3040 Awards Mission &#038; &#038; Awards Mission &#038; &#038; Caribbean Hotel &amp; Tourism Association CHTA is the leading voice of the Caribbean hospitality and tourism private sector, collaborating with over 1,000 hotel and allied members. We are dedicated to shaping the Caribbean’s future and helping members to grow their businesses. CHTA is the leading voice of the Caribbean hospitality and tourism private sector, collaborating with over 1,000 hotel and allied members. Shaping the Caribbean’s future is our main goal. Contact Us Join Our Community Become a CHTA Member Become a CHTA Member Engaging with CHTA helps you build and strengthen your business while contributing to the growth of the Caribbean hospitality and tourism sector. Become a member today and join the largest tourism and hospitality community in the region. Engage with us to build a stronger business and contribute to the growth of the hospitality sector. Become a Member Become a Member of CHTA Engage with us to build a stronger business! Become a member now! Member's Account Login If you are a CHTA Member, please log in and have access to our benefits! Become a Member of CHTA Engage with us to build a stronger business and contribute to the growth of the hospitality sector in the region! Member's Account Login If you are a CHTA Member, please log in to access our online community, resources, exclusive benefits, and more Support Caribbean Recovery Efforts Standing together with those impacted by Hurricane Melissa. Help rebuild communities impacted by natural disasters. Donate to the CHTA Disaster Response Fund . Your support brings hope and resilience to the Caribbean region. Please visit our Secure Donation Link to support today! Short-Term Rentals in the Caribbean Managing for Sustainable Tourism Growth View the Short Term Rentals (STR) Framework Briefing &gt; Go to all CHTA Publications &gt; The Association of Associations 32 Members Association of Associations NATIONAL HOTEL ASSOCIATION Who We Are CHTA Founded in 1962, the Caribbean Hotel and Tourism Association (CHTA) is the leading association representing hotels and businesses dedicated to tourism and hospitality in the Caribbean. We bring together the private sector community and act as a spokesperson before governmental authorities, regional government bodies and global organizations. Contact Us STAY UP TO DATE! CHTA News &amp; Events Events Webinar News Events May 18 - 21, 2027 Caribbean Travel Marketplace The Caribbean's largest marketing event, connecting Caribbean suppliers with global buyers, heads to Antigua and Barbuda for the third time in 2027! Events May 18, 2027 Caribbean Travel Forum This event brings together public and private sector representatives to discuss the business of tourism. Events May 21, 2027 Direct Booking Summit - Caribbean Edition A new Marketplace event showcasing digital marketing, AI solutions, and tech trends to boost direct bookings and regional competitiveness. Events Nov 16 - 18, 2026 CHIEF The Caribbean Hospitality Industry Exchange Forum (CHIEF) is the annual networking, education and best practice sharing event for industry professionals. Events Nov 16 - 19, 2026 Taste of the Caribbean The region’s premier culinary competition, food &amp; beverage educational exchange, is returning November 2026! Webinars 8/10/2024 Turning Net Zero into Net Profits – Making Economic Sense Out of Carbon Footprinting Profitability and sustainability are increasingly becoming synonymous, as more tourism-related businesses adopt... Webinars 6/13/2024 Harnessing the Power of Artificial Intelligence with ChatGPT: Practical Applications for Hotels Developing a strategic framework for evaluating the potential for ChatGPT so that you know what might work for your... Webinars 3/9/2024 A Guide to Coral Reef Restoration for the Tourism Sector: Partnering with Caribbean Tourism Leaders to Accelerate Coral Restoration’ Healthy coral reefs are critical to sustain local economies and livelihoods, particularly through supporting tourism... Webinars 9/8 &amp; 15 /2024 Sargassum: Managing the Threat…Outlook and Best Practices’ A two-part virtual learning series to support tourism industry stakeholders efforts to monitor, manage and mitigate... Industry News CEO&#8217;s 2026 Mid-Year Message from CHTA Read More » Industry News Hotels Aim to Source More Caribbean-Made Products, but Barriers Remain: CHTA Survey Identifies Opportunities and Challenges Read More » Industry News CHTA&#8217;s Annual Caribbean Tourism Industry Performance &amp; Outlook Report Read More » View all CHTA Partners Tab #1 Tab #2 Tab #3 Interval Interval International operates membership programs for vacationers and provides value-added services to its developer clients worldwide. Based in Miami, Florida, the company has been a pioneer and innovator in serving the vacation ownership market since 1976. Today, Interval&#8217;s exchange network comprises over 3,000 resorts in more than 90 countries and territories. Through offices in 12 countries, Interval offers world-class products and benefits to resort clients and approximately 1.6-million-member families who are enrolled in various membership programs. Interval is an operating business of Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation (NYSE: VAC), a leading global vacation company that offers vacation ownership, exchange, rental and resort and property management, along with related businesses, products, and services. visit website Mastercard A global technology company in the payments industry. Our mission is to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that helps everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart, and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships, and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments, and businesses realize their greatest potential. With connections across more than 210 countries and territories, we are building a sustainable world that unlocks priceless possibilities for all. visit website C&amp;W Business Welcome to C&#038;W Business, your trusted technology infrastructure partner for change. With our robust and fully managed solutions portfolio, we can provide the technology you need to turn challenges into opportunities, enhance your financial performance, empower your workforce, and improve your customer experiences. Visit website View All Partners Our Mission Statement To distinguish CHTA as one of the world’s leading associations representing tourism interests known for providing national hotel and tourism associations and members with exceptional value which generates business and advances a sustainable and profitable industry. Learn More LET US SUPPORT YOU Why Become a Member? CHTA offers a range benefits to help you and your business. Join our community and make use of the many tools available to our members. Enjoy our benefits! Be part of the largest tourism and hospitality community in the region! Data &amp; Resources Events Join Us Advocacy HR &amp; People Development Sustainability Programs Marketing Networking Testimonials Discover the reasons why our valued members and partners are committed to CHTA. Discover the reasons why our valued members and partners are committed to CHTA. "We are a proud member of the CHTA" "We originally reached out to them in an effort to connect with the Caribbean hospitality industry and we have received nothing but kindness both from the administration as well as a warm reception from the membership. We continue to grow our business this way and look forward to a long working relationship." Nima Anvar General Manager, GuestChat Join The CHTA Community Connect, Collaborate, Thrive Together. Become a part of our vibrant network, where members share knowledge, support, and opportunities for growth in a welcoming and inclusive environment. Connect and Collaborate together! Become a part of our vibrant network in a welcoming and inclusive environment chtanow 🌐 #MemberMonday | Advocacy in Action “CHTA i For over 150 years, we’ve helped power the Carib ✨ “Engagement starts before technology. It beg 🌟 #MemberMonday Spotlight Meet Patricia Affons Your story deserves the spotlight. Have a standout The future of hotel operations is digital but tran 🚨 Registration is NOW OPEN for CHIEF 2025! 🚨 How engaged is your team? A highly engaged workfo Contact Us 501 East Las Olas Blvd, Suite 200/300, 33301 Fort Lauderdale, FL 305.443.3040 2024 CHTA | All Rights Reserved Facebook-f Instagram Linkedin-in Youtube X-twitter
