URL: https://westonrotary.com
ORG: Weston Rotary Charitable Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Rotary Club of Weston Rotary Club of Weston Rotary Club of Weston Rotary International | District 6990 | DACdb Login Rotary International | DACdb Login | Member Login --> | Member Login About Our Club Who We Are Where We Meet Meet Our Members Member Birthdays Contact Us Become a Member How Do I Join? 20 Reasons to Join Our Club Committees See Our Impact Community Service Partner Organizations Community Service Projects Photo Gallery Our Sponsor Our Sponsors How to Support Us Rotary Club of Weston Sponsorship Opportunities Rotary Club of Weston Charitable Foundation The Rotary Foundation Annual Events 2025 RCW Food & Wine Festival 2025 RCW Run For Tomorrow 2026 RCW St. Patrick's Day Drawdown 2026 RCW Golf Classic Brand Center RCW Logos (Coming Soon) Approve Charities Logos (Coming Soon) News & Calendars Calendar Club Events Calendar District Events Calendar News & Features Stories Rotary International District 6990 DACdb Login Member Login About Our Club Become a Member See Our Impact Our Sponsor How to Support Us Annual Events Who We Are Where We Meet Meet Our Members Member Birthdays Contact Us How Do I Join? 20 Reasons to Join Our Club Committees Community Service Partner Organizations Community Service Projects Photo Gallery Our Sponsors Rotary Club of Weston Sponsorship Opportunities Rotary Club of Weston Charitable Foundation The Rotary Foundation 2025 RCW Food & Wine Festival 2025 RCW Run For Tomorrow 2026 RCW St. Patrick's Day Drawdown 2026 RCW Golf Classic Loading... Club Links Club Events Upcoming Speakers Club Leadership Club Members Calendar Contact Us Contact via email Follow the Rotary Club on Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Rotary International Rotary International Website Rotary History Mission Statement The Rotary Club of Weston addresses the service needs of our community through its organizational capabilities, member skills, volunteerism, and funding support. We focus our community service activities in the areas of Services to Youth (including education /scholarship/ learning development), Services to Families In Need, and International Projects as needs are identified. Object of Rotary The Object of Rotary is to encourage and foster the ideal of service as a basis of worthy enterprise and, in particular, to encourage and foster: FIRST : The development of acquaintance as an opportunity for service; SECOND : High ethical standards in business and professions; the recognition of the worthiness of all useful occupations; and the dignifying of each Rotarian’s occupation as an opportunity to serve society; THIRD : The application of the ideal of service in each Rotarian’s personal, business, and community life; FOURTH : The advancement of international understanding, goodwill, and peace through a world fellowship of business and professional persons united in the ideal of service. The Four-Way Test Of the things we think, say or do Is it the TRUTH ? Is it FAIR to all concerned? Will it build GOODWILL and BETTER FRIENDSHIPS ? Will it be BENEFICIAL to all concerned? ROTARIAN CODE OF CONDUCT The following code of conduct has been adopted for the use of Rotarians: As a Rotarian, I will Act with integrity and high ethical standards in my personal and professional life Deal fairly with others and treat them and their occupations with respect Use my professional skills through Rotary to: mentor young people, help those with special needs, and improve people’s quality of life in my community and in the world Avoid behavior that reflects adversely on Rotary or other Rotarians Help maintain a harassment-free environment in Rotary meetings, events, and activities, report any suspected harassment, and help ensure non-retaliation to those individuals that report harassment. Become a Member - Application form Morning Group Evening Group Impact Español Group Loading... Loading... Rotary Club of Weston Strategic Plan 2025-2029 Together, we imagine. Together, we serve. Together, we thrive. Click here to download the Strategic Plan RCW Fortnightly Newsletter Loading (click on image to enlarge) District Events Loading Powered by DACdb &copy;. ---> TEST MODE &copy; All content belongs to Rotary Club of Weston unless otherwise specified. Any and all Rotary marks are the property of Rotary International and their use is permitted by License from Rotary International. EZ-Website powered by Member Minder Pro &copy; 2003-2026, and its affiliates. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement | Terms of Use All content belongs to Weston unless otherwise specified. Any &amp; all Rotary marks are the property of Rotary International and allowed by License Agreement with Member Minder Pro, LLC. Ez-Website powered by Member Minder Pro &copy; 2003-2026, and its affiliates. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement | Terms of Use ---> Login to Your DACdb Account Remember Me | [ Close ]
