URL: https://ginarosemontaltomemorialfoundation.org/nursing-scholarship-recipients
ORG: Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation Inc - Nursing Scholarship Recipients
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Nursing Scholarship Recipients &mdash; Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation Home About Scholarship Scholarship Programs Scholarship Recipients Nursing Scholarship Recipients Scholarship Scholarship Programs Scholarship Recipients Nursing Scholarship Recipients Shop Events Egg My Lawn Impact Inspire Blog Contact Donate Scholarship Scholarship Programs Scholarship Recipients Nursing Scholarship Recipients Nursing SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS 2024 | 2023 | 2022 | 2021 | 2020 Nursing SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS, 2024 Huda Abunaja Adriana Johnson Luke Plumer Nursing SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS, 2023 Natacha Campbell Katie Finn Trinity Cole-Reid Alexia Young 19 for 19 Nursing SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS, 2022 Kailyn Allen The Foundation is pleased to announce the ten winners of our nursing scholarships. For Gina’s 19th birthday, we asked for your support to raise $19,000 for the Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation, Inc., and with that we have awarded scholarships to ten nursing students. These remarkable young women and man come from across our country, from Florida to California, Texas to Connecticut, and we are proud to assist them as the world continues to recover from the pandemic. As a note of interest, we have our first sibling recipient this year- Abby Golik is the sister of 2020 recipient Hannah Golik. We appreciate your continued support of the Foundation’s efforts to keep Gina’s light shining by helping others achieve their dreams. Todd Biggerstaff Abby Golik Hailey Pinter Sophia Camodeo Keiaria Jackson Lindsay Shutowick Kate Elliott Abby McMorland Paris Walker 18 for 18 Nursing SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS, 2021 The Foundation is pleased to announce the nine winners of this year’s nursing scholarships. For Gina’s 18th birthday, we asked for your support to raise $18,000 for the Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation, Inc., and with that we have awarded $2000 scholarships to nine nursing students. These remarkable young women come from across our country, from Hawaii to New Hampshire and we are proud to assist them as the world tries to recover from the pandemic. We would like to congratulate Sophia Rothenberg as being the recipient of our nursing scholarship for two years in a row. We appreciate your continued support of the Foundation’s efforts to keep Gina’s light shining by helping others achieve their dreams. Jamie Bernard-Eversage Mary Hutchinson Allyson Miller Mackenna Bevins Victoria Mawhinney Sophia Rothenberg Jasmine Gonzalez Haley Meyer Lauren Vincent 17 for 17 Nursing SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS, 2020 The Foundation is pleased to announce the seventeen winners of our nursing scholarships. To commemorate Gina’s 17th birthday, the Foundation set a goal to raise $17,000 in order to fund seventeen scholarships for nursing students across the country. We wanted to help bolster the ranks of those frontline healthcare workers who have tirelessly served and helped heal thousands of Americans during the COVID-19 pandemic. Throughout the application and interview process it was very apparent that these recipients were qualified, passionate and kind. All of the scholarship recipients are pursuing nursing degrees, and all exemplify Gina’s passion for learning, caring and helping others. Amber Allen Allyson Boli Macy Galloway Julia Merfogel Margaux Palmentiero Gitel Schuck Eniola Ashade Emraude Bonnet Bridgette Gardea Sheila O’Conner Cynthia Peeler Samantha Trahan Savannah Belcuore Jennifer Cruz-Flores Hannah Golik Grace O’Rourke Sophia Rothenberg back to top ↑ Back to Top Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation, Inc., 5645 Coral Ridge Drive, Box 434, Coral Springs, FL 33076, United States ABOUT SCHOLARSHIP BLOG CONTACT SHOP DONATE FACEB OOK
