URL: https://www.cfbroward.org
ORG: Community Foundation Of Broward Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Community Foundation of Broward homepage Support for Flood Recovery Damage from historic flash flooding is disrupting lives in our community and creating long-term economic and health challenges that will linger long after waters recede. “ Broward Cares” – a collaboration between the Community Foundation of Broward, Jewish Federation of Broward County and United Way of Broward County – provides coordinated support for flood recovery where it’s needed most. ‍ Find out how you can support Broward Cares. Close Apply for Grants Apply for Scholarships Amplify Your Impact Learn More Play Video Estate Gifts: Your Impact Never Ends Learn More Play Video Connect people who care to causes that matter Learn More Play Video Championing Nonprofit Excellence Learn More Play Video Prospective Donors Fundholders Apply For Grants Professional Advisors What We Do The Community Foundation of Broward provides community leadership, fosters bold philanthropy and builds permanent resources to tackle Broward’s biggest challenges – today and forever. Learn More Our Focus Areas We focus our leadership and grantmaking on six critical areas essential to empowering our community to reach its full potential. Education and Youth Enrichment Learn more Healthy and Thriving Communities Learn more Strong Nonprofit Community Learn more Social and Economic Mobility Learn more Art and Culture Learn more Building Community and Opportunity Learn more By The Numbers $ 215 m granted since our founding in 1984 590+ charitable funds created partnering with philanthropists $ 330 m total assets — our grantmaking muscle Why partner with us? Expert Guidance to identify the best opportunities to accomplish your charitable goals Personalized Charitable Fund to fuel support, in your name or anonymously, for your charitable priorities Permanent Endowment to ensure your legacy of community support continues forever Amplify Your Impact by pooling resources with like-minded philanthropists Trusted Fiduciary with a more than 30-year track record of investment and grantmaking success Charitable Accountability to ensure your charitable support is used as intended Broward Center for nonprofit Excellence The Community Foundation&#x27;s Broward Center for Nonprofit Excellence nurtures and strengthens the nonprofit organizations that do so much for our community. Learn More Community Builders “Community Builders” take their philanthropy to the next level by partnering with us to create endowed charitable funds of $1 million or more. Community Builders use the power of endowment to transform our community, fuel innovation and create impact that lasts forever. Learn More STORIES OF IMPACT Launching Pad for Success The Crockett Foundation&#x27;s after-school programs, summer programs and student trips help middle schoolers improve their grades, learn new skills and foster a positive outlook on life. With support from the Community Foundation, the Crockett Foundation helps kids facing difficult circumstances use education to achieve a brighter future. Learn more About the Crockett Foundation See More stories of Impact Featured News July 30, 2026 Opportunities to Support Back-to-School Drives Read full story July 15, 2026 Q&amp;A with &#x27;PAC Member of the Month&#x27; Jill Ginsberg Read full story July 8, 2026 ‘Hubs’ Provide Help for Healthier Living Read full story View All Building Community and Opportunity Broward must be a place where all residents feel welcome, where we all have the opportunity to succeed. We know philanthropy can do more to help achieve long-overdue change. The Community Foundation is committed to building community and opportunity to shape a brighter future for everyone in Broward. Learn More “BOLD VOICES” Podcast Explore Broward’s big issues and hear from people who create BOLD impact in our community. Find out how they partner with the Community Foundation for BOLD philanthropy that makes life better in Broward. Listen to podcast Community Foundation events Opportunities to connect, learn and engage with our community. ‘Food for Thought’ Everglades Adventure Watch video Celebrating the Legacy Society Watch video Honoring Community Builders Watch video Learn More Are You Ready To Lead With Love? Your love for Broward has the power to change lives. With the Community Foundation of Broward by your side, your philanthropy tackles the issues you care about and strengthens the community you love. When you partner with Broward’s philanthropy experts, you have peace of mind knowing that every dollar you give makes a lasting difference. Are you ready to LEAD WITH LOVE? Learn More Apply for Grants Apply for Scholarships Brand Guidelines © Copyright 2024 by Community Foundation of Broward. Privacy Policy. CONTACT US 910 East Las Olas Boulevard Suite 200 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 954.761.9503 2023 by Community Foundation of Broward. Privacy Policy.
