URL: https://wellingtoncommunityfoundation.org
ORG: Wellington Community Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Wellington Community Foundation, Inc. Home About WELLINGTON DERBY PARTY Derby Party Tickets 2026 AKA Scholarship 2026 AKA Scholarship 2026 AKA Scholarship About Us Our Mission Wellington Community Foundation, Inc. is a charitable 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to serving Wellington’s Seniors, Children, and Veterans in need. We strengthen our community by providing vital support and resources that improve our neighbor’s quality of life. Together, we are “ Building a Stronger Community.” One-Time Educational Scholarships in the amount of $1,500 Criteria • Applicant is currently a senior in high school • Applicant lives in Wellington, Florida OR the applicant attends school in Wellington, Florida Requirements 1. Two letters of recommendations, preferably from recent core-subject teachers. 2. High School transcript (with verification of community services hours, if applicable). 3. transcript. 4. Signed Application, completed in its entirety. 5. Responses to short essay questions. Ranking Criteria (Total Possible Points 100) • 25% Academic Achievement • 25% Public/Community Service • 20% Leadership • 10% Extra Curricular/Work Involvement • 10% Overcoming Adversity • 10% Overall Application *PLEASE NOTE: SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENT MUST ATTEND AWARD PRESENTATION IN MAY 2026, IN WELLINGTON. APPLICATION SUBMIISSION DATES Application submission is open from January 01, 2026 - April 24, 2026* deadline DEADLINE *Application must be mailed and post-marked and received by April 24, 2026. Learn More About How Your Donation Can Help! Summer Camp Scholarships Summer Camp Scholarships Summer Camp Scholarships Wellington Community Foundation sponsored 25 campers at the local Boys &amp; Girls Club. The Foundation recently this full summer camp program for more than two dozen local children at the Neil S. Hirsch Family Boys &amp; Girls Club. Wellington children in need had a safe and nurturing environment where they got to experience a fun-filled summer that included a healthy lunch and snack. New School Uniforms Summer Camp Scholarships Summer Camp Scholarships The Wellington Community Foundation partnered with local nonprofit Back to Basics in an effort to provide new uniforms for the start of the school year. The Foundation’s generous donors have helped to provide hundreds of new school uniforms for children in need at New Horizons, Binks Forest and Elbridge Gale elementary schools, all located in Wellington. Seniors Aging In Place Summer Camp Scholarships Therapeutic Riding Programs The purpose of this program is to provide financial assistance to low- and moderate-income Wellington seniors and veterans to support and improve their quality of life. This funding may include, but is not limited to, home repairs and rehabilitation. Thanks to generous donors and grants received, the Foundation was able to install wheelchair accessibility on homes of veterans, repair and repaint several homes, install new water heaters and much-needed hand rails and bathroom pull bars. Therapeutic Riding Programs Therapeutic Riding Programs Therapeutic Riding Programs The Foundation will provide funding for 90 Wellington High School students with disabilities to attend Vinceremos. Vinceremos offers therapeutic riding programs, hippotherapy and equine-assisted learning. It is accredited by the Professional Association of Therapeutic Horsemanship (PATH) and has been serving individuals with disabilities in central Palm Beach County for more than 35 years. The benefits of therapeutic riding include improved balance, core strength and refined motor skills, all done in a fun, recreational setting. The lessons provide social interaction and camaraderie while riders learn equestrian skills, build self-confidence and independence. Backpacks &amp; School Supplies Therapeutic Riding Programs Backpacks &amp; School Supplies The Wellington Community Foundation will distribute more than 700 backpacks to Wellington students. The Foundation recently partnered with the Village of Wellington to host its annual Back to School Block Party helping needy students at local schools receive new backpacks filled with much-needed school supplies. Celebrating Our Seniors Therapeutic Riding Programs Backpacks &amp; School Supplies The Wellington Community Foundation teamed up with Wellington Cares, a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the lives of Wellington seniors, in cooperation with the team at Wellington Florist to coordinate a program that brings smiles and hugs to Wellington seniors on their birthday by delivering beautiful, hand-selected floral arrangements right to their door. The Foundation assists Wellington Cares in stocking the Food Pantry with much needed food and supplies for Seniors in Wellington. Angel Tree Program A Day For Autism/League of Yes Arle &amp; Ken Adams Scholarship Many underprivileged Wellington children will receive a gift package filled with new sneakers, socks, underwear and an age-appropriate toy this Christmas season thanks to the generous donations of the many supporters of the Wellington Community Foundation. We worked directly with the team at the local nonprofit Back to Basics to identify children participating in the Angel Tree Program. Arle &amp; Ken Adams Scholarship A Day For Autism/League of Yes Arle &amp; Ken Adams Scholarship The Foundation will be awarding two scholarships in the amount of $2,500. Both recipients will receive a one-time scholarship in the amount of $2,500. The Foundation is proud to help two Wellington students go on to do great things, and that they will help ensure that the Adams’ legacy lives on in honor of all that Arle and Ken Adams have contributed to the Village of Wellington. A Day For Autism/League of Yes A Day For Autism/League of Yes A Day For Autism/League of Yes to interact with law enforcement and fire- rescue on a positive note and help build stronger relationships. And League of Yes, where players of all ages are introduced to their “buddy” on the fields at Village Park in Wellington for what turns out to be a fantastic baseball showcase put together by the League of Yes, a nonprofit organization Saluting Our Heroes! Our 11th Annual Red, White &amp; Blue Jeans, "A SALUTE TO OUR HEROES" event is coming up in November 2026 - Watch for more event details coming soon. 0 0 Days Days 0 0 Hrs Hours 0 0 Mins Minutes 0 0 Secs Seconds 10th Anniversary Celebration 2025! Thank You To Our 2025 Ruby Sponsor Here Are Our 2025 Arle &amp; Ken Adams Scholarship Recipients Click Here To Read More About These Well Deserving Students! Neighbors Helping Neighbors Click On Link Below To Make A Difference Today! Join Us As We Salute Our Hometown Hero, Thomas M. Wenham, by honoring his memory with the Thomas M. Wenham "A Salute To Our Veterans" Scholarship. Your donations with help continue the legacy Tom and the Board of Directors have built over the last eight years. 100% of the money raised is used to help Wellington Seniors, Children and Veterans who need a helping hand. We welcome you to browse our site to learn more about our foundation and how you can make a difference in the life of your neighbor today! Click Above To Learn About Our Honoree About Us OUR SENIORS OUR CHILDREN OUR CHILDREN The Wellington Community Foundation Inc. raises funds to provide life-changing services to seniors. OUR CHILDREN OUR CHILDREN OUR CHILDREN The Wellington Community Foundation Inc. raises funds to provide life-changing services to children. OUR VETERANS OUR CHILDREN OUR VETERANS The Wellington Community Foundation has just launched "Our Veterans" initiative project in cooperation with the Village of Wellington. Friends of The Foundation lEARN MORE ABOUT BECOMING A FRIEND... We want to share with you information about an exciting new program that we are rolling out here at the Wellington Community Foundation. We call it “Friends of the Foundation.” We want to recognize our special individuals, like you, who make possible all our good work in helping children, seniors, and veterans in the Wellington community. To become a Friend of the Foundation for 2024 requires a $1,000 donation, made payable to the Wellington Community Foundation. As you know, the foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. I like to think of each of these generous donations as a wise investment in our community. Each Friend of the Foundation will become a charter founder of this initiative, receive two personalized tickets to our annual Red, White and Blue Jeans event, held in November, along with a founder plaque. All Friends of the Foundation will also be recognized at the Red, White and Blue Jeans event, as well as in upcoming articles planned for the Town-Crier newspaper and Wellington The Magazine. Obviously, the wishes of anyone who does not want such recognition will be respected. Stalwarts like you are the backbone of our organization. Will you please help us make 2024 another successful year? We have made it as painless as possible for you to become a 2024 Friend of the Foundation. For your convenience, you may either mail your check to WELLINGTON COMMUNITY FOUNDATION c/o Friends of The Foundation 12794 W. Forest Hill Blvd., Suite 19F Wellington, FL 33414 or make your donation right online by clicking here . Thank you and we look forward to honoring you at our Red, White &amp; Blue Jeans Event! In The News For Older News Items Click Here Non-Profit Status WELLINGTON COMMUNITY FOUNDATION, INC. IS A 501(C) (3) CORPORATION AND CONTRIBUTIONS ARE DEDUCTIBLE Tax ID# 26-4778984. A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION # 31031 (800-435-7352) Copyright @Wellington Community Foundation 2025 DESIGNED AND MANAGED BY WELLINGTON.MEDIA
