URL: https://www.soroptimist4women.org
ORG: Soroptimist International Of The Americas Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Soroptimist International of Boca Raton/Deerfield Beach - Home 407.870.4855 Home Home SOROPTIMIST INTERNATIONAL IS A GLOBAL VOLUNTEER MOVEMENT Founded in 1921, Soroptimist International is a global volunteer movement with a network of around 66,000 club members in 120 countries. Advocating for human rights and gender equality, at the heart of Soroptimist International’s advocacy is its work across seven UN Centres, where our UN representatives ensure that the voices of women and girls are heard. Our membership work on grassroots projects that help women and girls achieve their individual and collective potential, realise aspirations and have an equal voice in communities worldwide. Soroptimist Boca Raton-Deerfield Beach club joins with those here in the US and around the world who are grieving the violence, abuse, and lives taken, and all those affected—men, women and children by reprehensible acts of terrorism. Our club’s vision is for women and girls to achieve their individual and collective potential, realize aspirations and have an equal voice in creating strong, peaceful communities worldwide. Furthermore, our mission to empower women and girls cannot be accomplished while this type of terrorism exists. We pray for an end to the warfare and destruction and for peace to be restored in all regions of the world where women and children are marginalized. Vision and Mission Women and girls have the resources and opportunities to reach their full potential and live their dreams. Soroptimist improves the lives of women and girls through programs leading to social and economic empowerment. Core Values Soroptimist International of the Americas is committed to: Gender Equality: Women and girls live free from discrimination. Empowerment: Women and girls are free to act in their own best interest. Education: Women and girls deserve to lead full and productive lives through access to education. Diversity &amp; Fellowship: Women from varied backgrounds and perspectives work together to improve the lives of women and girls. Self Defense Course Women empowered! SI BOCA'S SOCIAL EVENT: PAINTING FOR A PURPOSE A huge shout out to Monka's Beer &amp; Burger Bar, Lake Worth and our amazing instructor, Melissa-owner of Mobile Masterpieces for hosting our social night! 20 guests enjoyed an evening of food and creative artwork (Who knew we had so many artists?!) This easy and fun fundraiser helped raise money for our project initiatives. Thank you to our new club member, Tracy Smith for taking the lead and organizing the event! More information on our next social night will be coming! SI BOCA NEWS LEARN MORE ABOUT SOROPTIMIST! JOIN US ON THE SECOND TUESDAY OF EACH MONTH AT 8:15AM AT KEKE'S RESTAURANT, PALMETTO PARK ROAD, BOCA RATON. Soroptimist International is a 501c3 not for profit organization. Your donation is tax deductible in accordance with IRS regulations. A copy of the official registration (#SC-0991) and financials (1.800.435.7352) Spotlights Upcoming Events SOROPTIMIST INTERNATIONAL: A global volunteer organization that provides women and girls with access to the education and training they need to achieve economic empowerment. Our focus is on education because educated women and girls are: Less vulnerable to sex traffickers More likely to leave a domestic violence situation and not return Able to access healthcare Less likely to live in poverty Able to raise stronger, healthier families Soroptimists are Philanthropists . Through our fundraising, we donate money to help women and girls, locally and around the world. Soroptimists are Activists , coordinating worldwide projects, such as the "Women's Opportunity Award" and bringing awareness to social injustices. Soroptimists are Optimists . We hope you will join and partner with us to make the world a better place for women and girls! Contact us! For more information on membership, please contact our Membership VP, Tracy Smith, MembershipSoroptimist4women@gmail.com For general questions and information about our programs, please email us: soroptimist4women@gmail.com Meetings News Soroptimists Give Back! Soroptimist Int'l of Boca Raton/Deerfield Beach Honors Local Organizations Top Home 2026 Nomination Form - 2026 2018 Nominees 2017 Nominees 2016 Nominees 2015 Nominees 2014 Nominees 2013 Nominees 2012 Nominees 2011 Nominees 2009 Nominees 2008 Nominees 2007 Scholarship Awards About Us Membership Donate Calendar Upcoming Events Virtual-Bingo-50-50-Tickets 2026 Soroptimist International of Boca Raton/Deerfield Beach. All Rights Reserved.
