URL: https://phsc.academicworks.com/
ORG: Pasco-Hernando State College Foundation
COUNTY: Pasco
KIND: hub
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Blackbaud Award Management™ | Scholarship Management Software for Higher Ed Skip to content Search Additional Learning and Help Resources Documentation Blackbaud University Support Knowledgebase Blackbaud ID Partners Partner Login Become a Partner Blackbaud Marketplace Training & Support Support Login Blackbaud Community Trust Center Knowledgebase Product Help Blackbaud University Submit Your Ideas Sign In Products Popular Products Raiser&#8217;s Edge NXT Industry-leading fundraising platform Development Agent Agentic AI for personalized donor engagement ResearchPoint Powerful insights for prospect research Luminate Online Fundraising marketing campaign management Award Management Scholarship management for higher ed Financial Edge NXT Fund accounting for nonprofits Altru Ticketing and membership for arts and cultural organizations YourCause from Blackbaud CSR employee volunteering and giving Grantmaking Grant management for funders View All Products Popular Products for Schools Enrollment Management System Admissions tracking and communications for K–12 schools Billing Management Tuition and fees management for K–12 schools Student Information System All-in-one student data management for K–12 schools Learning Management System Manage academics, athletics, schedules, and more for K–12 schools Blackbaud's Total School Solution Solutions Solutions By Need Fundraising and Engagement Fundraising and Donor Management Peer-to-Peer Fundraising Donor and Prospect Data Intelligence Marketing Campaigns and Websites Education Solutions K-12 School Management Education Management for Higher Ed Financial Management Fund Accounting Financial Aid Management Payment Processing CSR and Grantmaking Employee Giving and Volunteering Grant Management Solutions by Organization Type Nonprofit Organizations K-12 Schools Higher Education Institutions Healthcare Organizations Arts and Cultural Organizations Foundations Companies View All Solutions Why Blackbaud The Blackbaud Difference Expertise to help you thrive Blackbaud AI Power your mission with AI Flexible Ecosystem Software that grows with you Customer Experience Expertise, insights, and community Customer Success Stories Results from real-world organizations Resources Partners Explore our Partner Marketplace Browse apps, integrations, expert consultants and services to expand and enhance your solutions. Resources Events and Webinars Live webinars and virtual events Resource Center Advance your goals with free tip sheets, ebooks, videos, and more from our experts Glossary Learn essential nonprofit terms to navigate the social good community Best Practices and Research Industry Research Sector trends and insights from the Blackbaud Institute The ENGAGE Blog Best practices and the latest learning for social good professionals Blackbaud Institute | Report See the key drivers of risk readiness and face the future with confidence. View All Resources Blackbaud AI Training and Support Support Login Blackbaud Community Trust Center Knowledgebase Product Help Blackbaud University Submit Your Ideas Chat with Support Partners Partner Login Become a Partner Blackbaud Marketplace Schedule with Sales Request a Demo Schedule with Sales Request a Demo Products Blackbaud Award Management™ Blackbaud Award Management™ Streamlined Scholarship Management for Higher Ed Request a Demo Ask About Pricing More qualified scholarship applicants. More donor delight. 100% of relevant scholarships visible to qualified applicants. One source of truth for scholarship management and stewardship. $3 Billion+ in scholarship funds awarded annually by our users. See How Blackbaud Award Management Is The Markets Most Powerful Scholarship Management Platform. This video offers a brief look into the powerful capabilities available in Blackbaud Award Management. Intuitive Award Management Starts Here Expand access to scholarships. Remove barriers and reach the right applicants with a system designed to de-mystify the scholarship application process. Every student gets a time-saving personalized view of scholarships that match their qualifications. Automatic match provides unique recommendations for students to available scholarships Recommendations capability shows students lists of awards they may be qualified for Nightly imports of relevant data from your student information system improves the quality and accuracy of each application Streamline the review process. Fewer scholarship committee meetings. Higher quality student applications. A smoother process than ever before. It’s all possible as you give all your stakeholders access to one central solution. Seamlessly share data between departments on campus and eliminate the need for in-person reviews, so your committee can engage from anywhere, any time Flexible permissions provide access to information while keeping student data protected Automatically import relevant student data through renewable awards to ensure requirements are met year over year Single sign-on to access all your college or university scholarship applications Ready to see Blackbaud Award Management in action? Let&#8217;s get your demo scheduled! Book for Later Delight your donors. With one unified database for donor reporting, you can stop spending time wrangling disparate post-acceptance workflows and share compelling impact with donors each awarding cycle. Editable digital thank-you letters simplify donor stewardship Simple donor reports available however you communicate – print, email, or online access One source of truth for key donor data across your CRM, fund financial data, and scholarship recipient data Online donor profiles to spotlight donors’ impact How do you choose the right award management system? This framework will help identify your college or university requirements. While many scholarship award management systems are out there, finding the right one is crucial. Find out how to choose the best system for your institution. Learn More Scholarship Management In Action Blackbaud Award Management can help transform your college or university’s student awards program. Watch this short overview video to see how we can help streamline the scholarship process and revolutionize donor stewardship. Watch the Video We saw a huge increase in the number of students using Award Management because it’s so easy to use compared to what we had. This solution also cuts down on the amount of time previously spent pulling information, freeing up our staff time to do more purposeful work. Matt Currie Manager of Student Awards and Financial Aid, Nova Scotia Community College Nova Scotia Community College 95% fund utilization Stewardship, simplified. Keep donors updated on how their scholarship funds are being used. Give your gift officers critical information at their fingertips. When you connect Blackbaud Award Management with Blackbaud Raiser’s Edge NXT , using the free connector from our partner Red Arc, your gift officers get a 360-degree view of constituent award activity directly within Raiser’s Edge NXT. No chasing down updates. No cumbersome imports. All the insight they need. Experience the difference. A True Scholarship Management Community Connect with your peers at institutions of every size, worldwide in our community forums and events. By Your Side From guided implementation to on-demand support from scholarship pros, we’re here each step of the way to keep you moving forward. Proven Higher Ed Expertise With 40 years’ of impact in higher ed – and growing momentum every day – it’s no surprise that top institutions trust Blackbaud. Schedule a demo Take the next step toward your institution&#8217;s success with Blackbaud Award Management. A Blackbaud expert will reach out to schedule a 15-minute discovery call. All fields required Chat With Us Contact Us Company Our Executive Leadership Corporate and Social Responsibility Newsroom Investor Relations Impact Awards Cybersecurity Privacy Resource Center Locations Careers Training Blackbaud University BlackbaudU Campus Explore Our Curriculum Continuing Education Blackbaud Certification Support Knowledgebase Support Login System Requirements Downloads Product Help Competitors VS Commercial CRM VS Givzey V2.ai VS Ellucian VS FACTS VS Quickbooks VS Sage VS Veracross VS Virtuous Partners and Developers Blackbaud Marketplace Partner Portal For Developers Our Flexible Ecosystem Contact Us Chat With Us Acceptable Use Policy Manage Cookies Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Use &copy; 2026 Blackbaud, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Select Your Region United States Canada Europe Pacific
