URL: https://www.rotaryfortlauderdale.org
ORG: Fort Lauderdale Rotary Club
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale Skip to content DACdb Login Home My Rotary RI Zones 33-34 Public Image Resources Calendar Member Area My Rotary Contact Us Donate to Rotary 1090 Foundation Search Open mobile menu Close mobile menu Search 1,200,000 MEMBERS MAKE MEANINGFUL CONNECTIONS With our growing community of 1.2 million members, located around the world. 47,000,000 VOLUNTEER HOURS WE TRANSFORM COMMUNITIES Rotarians invest approximately 47 million volunteer hours every year, into improving the lives of those around them $ 291,000,000 DOLLARS INVESTED WE FUND SUSTAINABLE PROJECTS $291 million awarded for global service initiatives in 2023-24 Join Us Rotarians Honoring Rotarians Share: Permalink Email this Page Rotary Weekly Meeting August 12, 2026 at 11:30 a.m. (join us early to network) Global Event Center "ROTARIANS HONORING ROTARIANS" Members - RSVP Guests - $35 Donate Your Happy Dollars Share: Permalink Email this Page Happy Dollars support special projects, club operations, and other important expenses. Feeling happy? Share the joy—make a contribution today! Click here to Donate Thank you!! Make a Donation to the Rotary 1090 Foundation Share: Permalink Email this Page The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale 1090 Foundation The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale 1090 Foundation is a 501(c)3 corporation. Donations are used to fund college scholarships to local high school graduates and for other community projects such as the Rotary Connection, Thanksgiving meals, Have a Heart helping our hungry and homeless population, Challenge Air benefitting special needs children, neighborhood clean-up and restoration projects, youth leadership programs and more. Click or scan below to make a tax-deductible donation. Thank you for your support! Registration Number CH 8789A copy of the registration and financial information may be obtained from the State of Florida Division of Consumer Services by calling 1-800-435-7352. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the State of Florida. Donate to Rotary 1090 Foundation Share: Permalink Email this Page The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale 1090 Foundation The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale 1090 Foundation operates as a 501(c)3 corporation. Contributions are dedicated to supporting various community endeavors, including providing college scholarships for local high school graduates, organizing Thanksgiving meals, aiding our hungry and homeless through Have a Heart initiatives, supporting Challenge Air for special needs children, facilitating neighborhood clean-up and restoration projects, fostering youth leadership programs, and more. Click below to make a tax-deductible donation. Donate to the Fort Lauderdale Rotary 1090 Foundation Inc. Click here to Donate Thank you!! Pay Membership Dues Share: Permalink Email this Page Zeffy's 100% free platform for nonprofits allows us to fundraise at no cost. They are entirely funded by voluntary contributions and an amount will be suggested to you before you complete your payment. You can always change the amount to one of your choice by selecting "Other" in the dropdown menu. Projects &amp; Programs Share: Permalink Email this Page Projects and Programs Supported by The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale The Rotary Motto is “SERVICE ABOVE SELF” Rotarians are “PEOPLE OF ACTION” The following alphabetical list includes the ways members of the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale are serving others during the Rotary Year. Adopt-a-Street : April and October: The Rotary Club has volunteered to clean a street in Fort Lauderdale for nearly a decade. Keeping our city streets clean is very important to Rotarians. Volunteers (members and non-members) who want to “get their hands dirty” should contact Jorg Hruschka at 954-709-3197. We do provide gloves, trash pickers, buckets, and bags. Books for the Bahamas – September: Rotarians collect used text books from one or more local schools, pack them on pallets, and ship them to Rotarians in the Bahamas where the books get a second life. Challenge Air –January: This program builds self-esteem in children/youth with special needs through the exhilaration of riding in a private aircraft. If able, the child can sit in the co-pilot seat. Annually, about 90 children/youth fly from Fort Lauderdale’s Executive Airport. Contact Terry Robinson at 954-494-8242. Children’s Toy Drive - Rotarians provide hundreds of toys to children at the Salah Foundation Children’s Hospital at Broward Health, Children's Diagnostic and Treatment Center, the Ann Stork Center, and Henderson Behavioral Health at Christmas. Contact Linda Cooke at 954-494-7779. Direct Grant-in-aid – Grants from between $1,500 and $4,000 to fund local organizations including AMIKids Greater Fort Lauderdale, Broward Partnership for the Homeless, Challenge Air, Power of One Hour, Early Literacy Project/Free Little Libraries, Henderson Behavioral Health, Hurricane Relief, Project Stable Foundation, Thanksgiving Meals, Turkeys Take Flight (Thanksgiving meals), and other qualified organizations approved by the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale and the 1090 Foundation Board. Early Childhood Development – Global Grant: Our club provided $6,500, and other clubs in the United States contributed as well, to fund the education and training of a group of 16 ECD practitioners in Haenertsburg, South Africa. Upon completion of the training, these ladies will return to their homes in the bush and provide much needed education for parents and children before the child enters public school. Children who are in formal classes before Kindergarten have a much higher graduation rate from high school than those who don’t. End Polio Now: Through The Rotary Foundation, our club supports an international project called Polio Plus. Rotarians, with the help of the World Health Organization, have almost eliminated Polio from the world. Work began in the late 70’s when there were 350,000 “wild” cases of polio annually and in 2018 there were only 33 reported “wild” cases in the world. The goal is to eliminate the disease and prevent it from ever returning. Hurricane Relief – Following hurricanes, our club mobilizes very quickly to collect and distribute needed supplies to the affected areas. In the past, money and supplies have been sent to the Florida Keys, Puerto Rico, the Bahamas, Florida’s Panhandle region, North Carolina, and Fort Myers. Interact Clubs: Our Rotary Club sponsors and supports the Interact Club for students at Dillard High School. Interact is a Rotary-sponsored service club that gives young people an opportunity to participate in fun and meaningful service projects while developing leadership skills and meeting new friends. The basic principle of the Rotary Interact is to help others. Power of One Hour – By cleaning and planting new landscaping, Rotarians improve the physical environment of public spaces throughout our community. We work with the City of Fort Lauderdale’s Community Civic Volunteer Corps and the Broward Partnership for the Homeless. Rotary Youth Exchange – The club supports inbound high school students from other countries who are selected through a competitive application process to study in the United States during a year of their high school career; in exchange, American students also spend a year abroad learning a new culture. Salvation Army Bell Ringing – The club supports the Salvation Army with member’s individual contributions and 40 to 50 volunteers who ring the bell at “kettle locations” throughout Fort Lauderdale. We are very proud that our Rotary Club has consistently been the one organization that yields the highest dollar value in “kettle contributions”. Sanitation Project: The club funds grant requests from A Spring of Hope to help with the cost of waterless toilets in South Africa. The schools who receive the waterless toilets are so grateful because they only had a latrine before. The waterless toilets help reduce illness caused by poor sanitation and hygiene. .Contact Gail Auguston-Koppen at 503-804-4844. Senior Care – Rotarians provide gifts for seniors at Christmas and also fellowship with them. Contact Linda Cooke at 954-494-7779. Scholarships for College and Vocational/Technical Schools – Distribute approximately $50,000 to eligible Broward County high school graduates pursuing higher education and vocational education. Over the past 50 years, over $2 million has been awarded in direct aid to very deserving students. Thanksgiving Baskets: Provides full Thanksgiving dinners for needy families in Fort Lauderdale in collaboration with the First Presbyterian Church of Fort Lauderdale. Volunteers are needed to deliver many of the meals to people who can’t come to the church to pick them up. Contact Sally Botkin at 954-651-1004. Water Projects – The club gives grants to A Spring of Hope and Replenish, Inc. to fund the construction of potable water wells in South Africa and the purchase of water filtration systems in Kenya. These projects are located at schools which encourage the parents to send their children to school. Weekly Wheelchairs – The club dedicates the delivery of a wheelchair to a person in need of hope and mobility somewhere in the world, in the name of the guest speaker at the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale’s weekly club meeting. Wheelchairs - Sponsors the delivery of wheelchairs from the Wheelchair Foundation to people around the world in need of mobility. Many times this is the first time the recipient has had any mobility in their lives. All donations and in-kind gifts to the Fort Lauderdale Rotary 1090 Foundation, a Florida 501 (c) (3) not-for-profit corporation, are tax-exempt to the extent permitted by law. There are no fees or overhead costs associated with the programs supported by our foundation as club volunteers undertake all our activities. Contributions may be made payable to the Fort Lauderdale Rotary 1090 Foundation, Inc. Our Federal EIN number is 23-7247846 . Rotary Connection Launch Day Update! Share: Permalink Email this Page ROTARY CONNECTION LAUNCH DAY UPDATE! The Sun-Sentinel ran an article on August 8th. New Broward bus loop helps get homeless to critical services August 4, 2025 We had a fantastic event on Friday, August 1, 2025, to officially launch the Rotary Connection ! This 14-seat bus will provide much-needed transportation for individuals experiencing homelessness, helping them access essential services throughout Broward County. Thank you to everyone who came out to support this important initiative—we truly appreciate your presence and encouragement. A special thanks to the Miami Herald for covering the event! Check out this coverage from Caplin News (FIU): New Broward bus loop launches to connect unhoused residents with vital services . Thank you to Rick Riccardi for the vision and Gwynne Beatty for making this happen. A special thank-you also goes to key supporters, including the Florida Blue Foundation, Changing Lives North Broward, and Go Therefore, as well as Henderson Behavioral Health, Fellowship Recovery Community Organization, LifeNet4Families, and the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale. Pay for Guests / Rule of 85 Lunch Share: Permalink Email this Page Meeting Location Share: Permalink Email this Page Wednesdays at 12:15 p.m.* New Meeting Venue Effective Wednesday, April 2, 2025 Café Vico Restaurant 1125 N. Federal Highway Fort Lauderdale, FL 33304 Map It *Instead of a lunch meeting on the last Wednesday of each month, we have a social. Please go to Club Events below for the date and location. Annual Fund Share: Permalink Email this Page ANNUAL FUND Your gift to the Annual Fund helps Rotary and Rotaract clubs take action today to create positive change in communities close to home and around the world. Your contributions help us strengthen peace efforts, fight disease, provide clean water and sanitation, save mothers and children, support education, grow local economies, and protect the environment. The Rotary Foundation's Annual Fund includes SHARE, the World Fund, and our areas of focus funds. The Every Rotarian, Every Year initiative asks all members to donate to the Annual Fund each year and take part in at least one Foundation project or program each year. Meeting Makeups Share: Permalink Email this Page Need to make up a Rotary meeting that you missed? Choose an option below: Make Up On-Line Via the World Wide Web eClub One Rotary Club Rotary Club Locator https://www.rotary.org/en/search/club-finder 1090 Articles &amp; Bylaws Share: Permalink Email this Page These docments require that you be logged into DACdb (you will be prompted to login if you are not already logged in) and then you can download and open them. Click here for the Articles of Incorporation for the 1090 Foundation. Click here for the Bylaws of the 1090 Foundation. The above were updated in May 2014. Click here for 1090 History &amp; Accounting as of October 2013. Becoming a Member Share: Permalink Email this Page Thank you for your interest in becoming a Rotarian. Rotary International is an association of individual clubs, with each club operating autonomously. Membership is extremely important to us, and we are always eager to hear from individuals interested in our mission and in joining a Rotary club. The RI universal premise is that the membership of each club constitutes an accurate representation of the business and professional population within the community served. Membership in a Rotary club requires available business or professional classification opportunities as well as an invitation and sponsorship by a member of the club. Sometimes an individual cannot be invited or sponsored for membership. Rotarians are business and professional leaders who take an active role in their communities while greatly enriching their personal and professional lives. A Rotary club contains a diverse group of professional leaders from the community that the club serves. Membership in a Rotary club offers a number of benefits, including: effecting change within the community advancing business and professional contacts developing leadership skills gaining an understanding of — and having an impact on — international humanitarian issues Through Rotary International's service programs, a Rotary club can have a significant effect on the quality of life in its community. Rotary Foundation programs offer opportunities to form international partnerships that help people in need worldwide. Some 1.2 million Rotarians in 30,000 clubs in more than 160 countries make significant contributions to the quality of life at home and around the globe. Click here for the application form . Click here for The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale Brochure . Click here for our Membership Categories Brochure . Click here for photos and more information about the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale. Object of Rotary - First formulated in 1910 and adapted through the years as Rotary’s mission expanded, the Object of Rotary provides a succinct definition of the organization’s purpose as well as the club member’s responsibilities. The Object of Rotary is to encourage and foster the ideal of service as a basis of worthy enterprise and, in particular, to encourage and foster: FIRST: The development of acquaintance as an opportunity for service; SECOND: High ethical standards in business and professions; the recognition of the worthiness of all useful occupations; and the dignifying of each Rotarian’s occupation as an opportunity to serve society; THIRD: The application of the ideal of service in each Rotarian’s personal, business, and community life; FOURTH: The advancement of international understanding, goodwill, and peace through a world fellowship of business and professional persons united in the ideal of service. Club Constitution &amp; Bylaws Share: Permalink Email this Page These docments require that you be logged into DACdb (you will be prompted to login if you are not already logged in) and then you can download/open them. Click here for the Club Constitution as of July 2018 . Click here for the Bylaws as of Feb 2019. Click here for the Dues and Fees as of July 2018. Contact Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale Share: Permalink Email this Page Mail: Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale 1126 S. Federal Highway #171 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316 Email: [email&#160;protected] Five Avenues of Service Share: Permalink Email this Page The Object of Rotary is to “encourage and foster the ideal of service as a basis of worthy enterprise.” Rotary is a service organization. Since 1910, the Rotary Motto has been “Service Above Self.” Rotary strives to achieve it’s objective of “Service Above Self” through activities in five primary areas. These are often referred to as the Five Avenues of Service. Club Service This “Avenue” promotes the development of acquaintance as an opportunity for service. It involves the activities necessary to make the Club function successfully and achieve its goals. Click here to find out more about Club Service at the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale. Vocational Service This area represents the opportunity that each Rotarian has to represent the dignity and utility of one’s vocation as an opportunity to serve society. Rotarians promote and foster high ethical standards in business and professions and promote the recognition of the worthiness of all useful occupations. Click here to find out more about Vocational Service at the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale. Community Service This “Avenue” relates to the activities that Rotarians undertake to improve the quality of life in their community. Particular emphasis is given to helping children, needy families, the aged, the handicapped, and those most in need of assistance. Rotarians strive to promote the ideal of service in their personal, business, and community lives. Click here to find out more about Community Service at the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale. International Service In this area, Rotarians strive for the advancement of international understanding, goodwill, and peace through a world fellowship of business and professional persons united in the ideal of service. International Service Projects are designed to meet the humanitarian needs of people in many lands, with particular emphasis on the most underprivileged children and families in developing countries. International Service at the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale: We partner with Replenish to provide Lifestraws in South Africa. We partner with A Spring of Hope to drill wells in South Africa and provide waterless toilets. We are working on a Rotary International Global Grant to provide education for teachers in Africa. Youth Service Youth Service recognizes the positive change implemented by youth and young adults through leadership development activities such as RYLA, Rotaract and Interact club service projects, and creating international understanding with Rotary Youth Exchange. Youth Service at the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale: We sponsor an Interact Club at Cardinal Gibbons High School, we sponsor an exchange student each year and serve as host families for visiting students. Instructions for Club Documents Share: Permalink Email this Page Secure douments are only available to members of the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale. You will need to click the link above on the top right to login to DACdb. Once you have logged in, click on My Club and then click on Club Files, Click on the Secure Files Tab (to the right of Public Files), and open the file you are looking for. For example, if you want to look at a new member application, click on the New Member Application Folder and then click on the application name you want to open. If you do not know your login, please email [email&#160;protected] Instructions for Login Share: Permalink Email this Page This section is for Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale Members Please click the Member login tab at the very top of this page, above the header. If you are on a mobile device, click the box at the top right for the menu and select Member Login . You will Login using your DACdb user name (email) and password . If you do not know those, please email [email&#160;protected] You will now have access to the other menu items under this tab while you are logged in for this session. You will need to login again, the next time you use the system. Instructions for Member Directory Share: Permalink Email this Page This directory is only available to members of the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale. The easiest way to access the member directory is to go to m.dacdb.com . This works on your desktop computer or on your smart phone. You use the same login you use for the district site and our website. Once you have logged in, click on My Club and then Members and you will see a list of all our members, then click on the member you need contact information for and it will open up for you. If you do not know your login, please email [email&#160;protected] To add a shortcut to your smart phone If you are on an android phone, you can click the three dots near the top right to see options and then click Add to Home screen and you will have a button that you can put where you want on your phone and have easy access to the directory. If you are on an iPhone, make sure you use Safari to go to m.dacdb.com and at the bottom of your screen you can click the icon that looks like a folder with an arrow, then click, Add to Home screen and you will have a button you put where you want and have easy access to the member directory. Leadership/Committee Contact List Share: Permalink Email this Page This docment requires that you be logged into DACdb (you will be prompted to login if you are not already logged in) and then you can download and open it. Please click here to download a pdf of our Leadership and Committee Chair Contact List. If you would like to pick up a hard copy, please check with Registration Desk and they will give you one. Lifestraws Share: Permalink Email this Page WATER FILTRATION SYSTEM INITIATIVE Our Rotary club’s water filtration program involves funding for the purchase and maintenance of portable water filtration system, primarily for rural, underprivileged schools in Kenya. The filtration systems we finance through this program are primarily Community LifeStraws, which can clean 100,000 liters of water, providing safe drinking water for up to 100 people for 5 years. Community LifeStraws cost an average of $350, and their useful life can be extended with monitoring and maintenance costing average of $100. "Lifetime LifeStraw" which is $500 for new units which includes the delivery and the maintenance and replacement parts as needed. Every $5 does give a child clean water for 5 years at this pricing. The need for these filtration systems in tremendous. 2.2 million people in developing countries, most of them children, die every year from diseases associated with unsafe drinking water, inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene. Lack of access to safe drinking water contributes to the staggering burden of diarrheal diseases worldwide, particularly affecting the young, the immunocompromised and the poor. Nearly one in five child deaths – about 1.5 million each year – is due to diarrhea. Approximately 43% of the global population, especially the lower-income populace in the remote and rural parts of the developing world, is deprived of household safe piped water. “Point-of-use” treatment is an alternative approach, which can accelerate the health gains associated with the provision of safe drinking water to the at-risk populations. It empowers people to control the quality of their drinking water. In many rural and urban areas of the developing world, household water-quality interventions can reduce diarrheal morbidity by more than 40%. Water filters have been shown to be the most effective interventions amongst all point-of-use water treatment methods for reducing diarrheal diseases. For our water filtration program, we partner with Replenish, a 501(c) 3 organization based in Arlington, Texas outside of Dallas. Replenish identifies schools in need, purchases the LifeStraws and coordinates the distribution of the LifeStraws. Our Rotary club thanks you for your support of our water filtration initiative with Replenish. If you would like to make a donation to support this program, please click on the link below. If you would like additional information, please also feel free to contact Les Campbell, our club’s Water Projects committee chair, by email at [email&#160;protected] , or by phone at 800-593-9172. On behalf of the children whose lives who literally will be saved through your support, we again thank you for your support! Click below to donate to our LifeStraws program: To learn more about the life-saving benefits of the point of use filtration systems we fund, please visit the Replenish website at: www.replenishwater.org A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE (1-800-HELP-FLA (435-7352)?) WITHIN THE STATE. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale registration number is CH 6195 and the Rotary 1090 Foundation registration number is CH 8789. Make a Donation to the Rotary 1090 Foundation Share: Permalink Email this Page The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale 1090 Foundation The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale 1090 Foundation is a 501 (c)3 corporation. Donations are used to fund college scholarships to local high school graduates and for other community projects such as Thanksgiving meals, Toy Drive, Have a Heart helping our hungry and homeless population, Challenge Air benefitting special needs children, neighborhood clean-up and restoration projects, youth leadership programs and more. Click below to make a tax-deductible donation. Thank you for your support! Registration Number CH 8789A copy of the registration and financial information may be obtained from the State of Florida Division of Consumer Services by calling 1-800-435-7352. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the State of Florida. Mission &amp; Vision Statements Share: Permalink Email this Page The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale Mission: To provide business, professional, and community leaders an opportunity for service to others in order to benefit our community and to promote high ethical standards, fellowship, and goodwill worldwide. Vision: The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale will continue to be the premier Service Club for our community&#39;s service minded leaders of all ages, who enjoy each other&#39;s company, have fun working together, and are committed to the Rotary motto &quot;Service Above Self&quot; The Object of Rotary The Object of Rotary is to encourage and foster the ideal of service as a basis of worthy enterprise and, in particular, to encourage and foster: the development of acquaintance as an opportunity for service; high ethical standards in business and professions; the recognition of the worthiness of all useful occupations; and the dignifying of each Rotarian&rsquo;s occupation as an opportunity to serve society; the application of the ideal of service in each Rotarian&rsquo;s personal, business, and community life; and the advancement of international understanding, goodwill, and peace through a world fellowship of business and professional persons united in the ideal of service. Past Presidents Share: Permalink Email this Page Past Presidents of the Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale 1922-23 John D. Sherwin 1923-24 Charles E. Fritz 1924-25 Reverend R.D. Tracy 1925-26 C.J. Joiner (½ year) 1926-27 J.S. Rickards (½ year) 1927-28 A.J. Beck 1928-29 Russell Snow 1929-30 William A. Glass 1930-31 J.A. Raymond 1931-32 Ulric Bennett 1932-33 Maxwell Baxter 1933-34 C.C. Freeman 1934-35 J.B. Fannin 1935-36 W.J. Eastman 1936-37 Dr. O.C. Brown 1937-38 August Burghard 1938-39 Jackson McDonald (½ year) 1939-41 Holt McPherson (1 ½ year) 1941-42 W.M. Ketchin 1942-43 Howard Pierce 1943-44 Dallas Swindle 1944-45 Carlyle Sweet 1945-46 Harry Randel 1946-47 Paul W. Myers, Sr. 1947-48 J.B. Patterson 1948-49 A.W. Putnam 1949-50 E. Thomas Wilburn 1950-51 C.I. Pierce 1951-52 Robert A. Childers 1952-53 Robert V. Roberts 1953-54 Richard W. Ward 1954-55 Harlow Davock 1955-56 E. Peter Clements 1956-57 Mark S. Bibson 1957-58 Grant I. Clarke 1958-59 Ernest N. Orr 1959-60 William B. Hulett 1960-61 Thomas A. Cook 1961-62 William J. Burke 1962-63 Thord M. Marshall 1963-64 Sam O. O’Bryan, Jr. 1964-65 A.W. Saarinen, Jr. 1965-66 Robert H. Six 1966-67 John C. Miller 1967-68 Ben A. Bolinger 1968-69 Clem E. Bininger 1969-70 Walter F. Dunn 1970-71 Robert E. Shepard 1971-72 Robert H. Pfeifer 1972-73 E. Birch Willey 1973-74 Clinton D. Hamilton 1974-75 Charles Creighton 1975-76 J.B. Richner 1976-77 Mitchell J. Alles 1977-78 Donald T. Glenn, Jr. 1978-79 Charles H. Bolton, III 1979-80 Ralph A. Marrinson 1980-81 Harvey E. Ramsey, III 1981-82 James E. Houston 1982-83 I. Fred Anderson 1983-84 R. William Weimer, Jr. 1984-85 Allan C. Sorensen 1985-86 William L. McGee, Jr. 1986-87 Romney C. Rogers 1987-88 Eugene M. Jones 1988-89 G. Wilkerson Gilbert 1989-90 John Dorner 1990-91 Ian C.R. Gail 1991-92 Thomas L. Tapp 1992-93 M. Scott Whiddon 1993-94 Roger Arndall 1994-95 R. Stephen Botkin 1995-96 Gene A. Whiddon, Jr. 1996-97 Walter L. Morgan 1997-98 Lloyd Rhodes 1998-99 John Siegle 1999-00 John Carroll 2000-01 Lynn Hayes 2001-02 Melissa Aiello 2002-03 Dan Arnold III 2003-04 Steve Picha 2004-05 Michael Grimme 2005-06 Marvin Chaney 2006-07 Jon Erik Gundlach 2007-08 Marty Kurtz 2008-09 Ray Williams 2009-10 William Gundlach, III 2010-11 John Gustafson 2011-12 Robert M. Easton, Jr. 2012-13 Charles Felix 2013-14 Steve Leinicke 2014-15 Anthony J. Abbate 2015-16 Mike Sanchez 2016-17 Tom Powers 2017-18 Jonathan Keith 2018-19 David Kramer 2019-20 Pat McNamara 2020-21 Perry Monioudis 2021-22 Terry Robinson 2022-23 Jaye Abbate 2023-24 Rick Riccardi 2024-25 Dan Rizzi Rotary &amp; District Links Share: Permalink Email this Page Click here for the Rotary International link. Click here for the Rotary Foundation link. Click here for the District 6990 link. The Rotary Foundation Share: Permalink Email this Page The Rotary Foundation The Foundation was created in 1917 by Rotary International&#39;s sixth president, Arch C. Klumph, as an endowment fund for Rotary &quot;to do good in the world.&quot; It has grown from an initial contribution of US$26.50 to more than US$73 million contributed in 2000-01. Its event-filled history is a story of Rotarians learning the value of service to humanity. History of The Rotary Foundation Arch C. Klumph, 1916-17 president of Rotary International and founder of The Rotary Foundation In 1917, Arch C. Klumph, Rotary&#39;s sixth president, proposed to the Rotary International Convention in Atlanta, Georgia, USA, the creation of an &quot;endowment fund for Rotary . . . for the purpose of doing good in the world in charitable, educational, and other avenues of community service.&quot; A few months later, the endowment received its first contribution of $26.50 from the Rotary Club of Kansas City, Missouri, USA. In 1928, when the endowment fund had grown to more than US$5,000, the fund was renamed The Rotary Foundation, and it became a distinct entity within Rotary International. Five Trustees, including Klumph, were appointed to &quot;hold, invest, manage, and administer all of its property. . . as a single trust, for the furtherance of the purposes of RI.&quot; Two years later, the Foundation made its first grant of US$500 to the International Society for Crippled Children. The ISCC &mdash; created by Rotarian Edgar F. &quot;Daddy&quot; Allen &mdash; later grew into the Easter Seals organization. The Great Depression and World War II both impeded significant growth for the Foundation, but the need for promoting a lasting world peace generated great post-war interest in developing the Foundation. After Rotary founder Paul P. Harris died in 1947, contributions began pouring into Rotary International, and the Paul Harris Memorial Fund was created for the purpose of building the Foundation. That same year, the first Foundation program was established &mdash; Fellowships for Advanced Study, which was the forerunner of the Rotary Ambassadorial Scholarships program. Then in 1965-66, three new programs were launched &mdash; Group Study Exchange, Awards for Technical Training, and Grants for Activities in Keeping with the Objective of The Rotary Foundation, which was later called Matching Grants. The Health, Hunger and Humanity (3-H) program was launched in 1978, with the Rotary Volunteers program being created as a part of 3-H in 1980. The PolioPlus program was announced in 1984-85, and the following year saw the introduction of Rotary Grants for University Teachers. The first Peace Forums were held in 1987-88, leading to the establishment of Rotary Peace Programs. Then in 1989, 1963-64 RI President Carl P. Miller and his wife, Ruth, donated US$1 million to establish the Discovery Grants program. Throughout this time, support of the Foundation grew tremendously. Since that first $26.50 donation in 1917, the Foundation has received contributions totaling more than US$1 billion. More than US$68 million was donated in 1998-99 alone. To date, some 726,000 individuals have been recognized as Paul Harris Fellows &mdash; that is, someone who has contributed US$1000 or has had that amount contributed in his or her name. Such strong support and involvement of Rotarians worldwide ensures a secure future for The Rotary Foundation as it continues its vital work for international understanding and world peace. Water Projects Overview Share: Permalink Email this Page THE MISSION The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale actively supports water projects which provide clean, sustainable water, sanitation and economic development to underprivileged areas, primarily in Africa. THE NEED Consider the following facts relating to the urgent need to improve safe drinking water supplies and better sanitation throughout the world: WATER FACTS: 1 billion people in the world do not have access to sa fe drinking water, roughly one-sixth of the world's population. 50 percent of people on earth lack adequate sanitation Every minute of every day a child dies from a water-related disease 2.2 million people in developing countries, most of them children, die every year from diseases associated with unsafe drinking water, inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene. Half of the world's hospital beds are filled with people sufferi ng from water related illnesses. In the past 10 years, diarrhea has killed more children than all the people lost to armed conflict since World War II. 358 million children in Africa don’t have clean drinking water African women walk an average of 3.6 miles to collect water The average American uses 100 gallons of water per day vs. 5 gallons per day for the average African family. HOW WE ARE HELPING Since our club began its water project initiative in 2007, we have contributed over $500,000 to the two principal programs which we support. These programs are: WATER WELLS Our club provides funding for the construction and operation of water wells in rural, underprivileged schools in South Africa in desperate need of water. For this initiative, we partner with A Spring of Hope, a 501(c)3 or ganization. Spring of Hope identifies, locates promising well site and coordinates construction of each well. The average well costs about $10,000, and we are proud of the fact that every well that we’ve e ver funded is still in operation! WATER FILTRATION SYSTEMS Our club provides funding for to purchase of LifeStraw community water filtration systems, primarily for schools in Kenya. For this program, we partner with Replenish, a 501(c)3 organization based in Arlington, Texas. Replenish identifies schools in need, purchases the filters and coordinates distribution. Each Community LifeStraw can clean 100,000 liters of water, providing safe drinking water for up to 70 people for 5 years. Community LifeStraws cost average of $350, life can be extended with monitoring and maintenance costing an average of $100. "Lifetime LifeStraw" which is $500 for new units which includes the delivery and the maintenance and replacement parts as needed. Every $5 does give a child clean water for 5 years at this pricing. Click here for more information about A Spring of Hope and our Water Wells Program. Click here for more information about Replenish and our Water Filtration Program. Click below to donate to our Water Wells Program: Click below to donate to our LifeStraw Program: A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE (1-800-HELP-FLA (435-7352)?) WITHIN THE STATE. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale registration number is CH6195 and the Rotary 1090 Foundation registration number is CH8789. Water Wells Share: Permalink Email this Page WATER WELL PROGRAM Our Rotary club&rsquo;s water well program provides funding for the construction and operation of water wells in rural, underprivileged schools in South Africa in desperate need of water. Sanitation, hygiene and water access are some of the biggest obstacles facing rural schools in South Africa. It is nearly impossible for many of us to conceive of the hardships children face when growing up in areas without access to clean water. Millions of children cannot go to school on a regular basis because they must fetch water every day. Without operating flush toilets, children who do attend school are forced to use unsanitary pits and are unable to wash their hands to keep from spreading disease. Dropout rates for adolescent girls skyrocket once their period starts due to no provisions for sanitation. Without nearby running water, school gardens, which provide many students with their only source of fresh fruits and vegetables, grow exclusively during the rainy season. For our water well program, we partner with A Spring of Hope (&ldquo;ASOH&rdquo;), a 501(c)3 organization based in south Florida. A Spring of Hope identifies communities in need of water wells, locates promising well sites, and coordinates the construction of each well. To date ASOH has over 40 partner schools in the Limpopo and Mpumalanga provinces of South Africa. It should be understood that ASOH does more than simply dig and operate wells for the schools that it supports. The organization also constructs operating flush toilets for the schools that it serves, and in many cases assists com munity and school leaders to develop school gardens, which not only provide students with fresh fruits and vegetables but often provide a source of funds for the school when they are able to sell surplus crops. To learn more about the life-saving work that A Spring of Hope does in the communities that it serves, please visit their website at: www.aspringofhope.org We also invite you to view the following video for a brief overview of the organization: Introduction to A Spring of Hope from A Spring of Hope on Vimeo . Our Rotary club thanks you for your support of our water well initiative with A Spring of Hope. If you would like to make a donation to support this program, please click on the link below. If you would like additional information, please also feel free to contact Les Campbell, our club&rsquo;s Water Projects committee chair, by email at [email&#160;protected] , or by phone at 800-593-9172. On behalf of the children whose lives who literally will be saved through your support, we again thank you for your support! Click below to donate to our Water Wells Program. A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE (1-800-HELP-FLA (435-7352)?) WITHIN THE STATE. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. The Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale registration number is CH 6195 and the Rotary 1090 Foundation registration number is CH 8789. What is Rotary? Share: Permalink Email this Page Rotary International Rotary is an organization of business and professional leaders united worldwide who provide humanitarian service, encourage high ethical standards in all vocations, and help build goodwill and peace in the world. In more than 160 countries worldwide, approximately 1.22 million Rotarians belong to more than 34,558 Rotary clubs. Rotary club membership represents a cross-section of the community&#39;s business and professional men and women. The world&#39;s Rotary clubs meet weekly and are nonpolitical, nonreligious, and open to all cultures, races, and creeds. The main objective of Rotary is service &mdash; in the community, in the workplace, and throughout the world. Rotarians develop community service projects that address many of today&#39;s most critical issues, such as children at risk, poverty and hunger, the environment, illiteracy, and violence. They also support programs for youth, educational opportunities and international exchanges for students, teachers, and other professionals, and vocational and career development. The Rotary motto is Service Above Self. Although Rotary clubs develop autonomous service programs, all Rotarians worldwide are united in a campaign for the global eradication of polio. In the 1980s, Rotarians raised US$240 million to immunize the children of the world; 2005, Rotary&#39;s centenary year, the PolioPlus program contributed US$500 million to this cause. In addition, Rotary has provided an army of volunteers to promote and assist at national immunization day s in polio-endemic countries around the world. JOIN US FOR LUNCH Jeffrey Shaffner 2025-2026 Club President Club President Letter 2025-26 Dear Fellow Rotarians, It’s a true honor to begin this Rotary year as your President. Thank you for the trust you’ve placed in me—I’m genuinely excited to serve alongside such a passionate, generous, and thoughtful group. There’s a real sense of momentum building in our club, and I believe this is going to be a standout year. Our Rotary International theme, Unite for Good , is more than a motto—it’s a mindset. In a world that can sometimes feel divided or disconnected, we have a unique opportunity to be the bridge. Through service, fellowship, and shared purpose, we can show what’s possible when people come together with open hearts and a commitment to doing good. This year, we’ll build on the strong foundation already in place by: Deepening our partnerships in the community Strengthening engagement and belonging within our club Spreading awareness of the amazing work we do Empowering our committees with clear goals and purpose Celebrating the diversity of talents and perspectives among us Growing our collaboration with the Rotary Community Corps Getting a great start on our new expansive, all-hands-on-deck social media campaign to let our community know the great work we do. And just look at what we’re already doing: ✅ The Rotary Connection , supporting our homeless neighbors ✅ Rotarians Honoring Rotarians , recognizing outstanding contributions ✅ Challenge Air , helping youth realize their potential ✅ Holiday drives, bell ringing, community meals, and more ✅ Honoring veterans, awarding scholarships, and uplifting lives As we look ahead, one thing is clear— our future success depends on growth . That means growing our membership in size , diversity , and engagement . We thrive when new voices, new perspectives, and new energy join our mission. Whether you’re deeply involved, just getting started, or somewhere in between— you matter to this club. Every member has something valuable to offer, and every step toward engagement helps strengthen the whole. This year, I encourage each of us to bring our unique passion to the table—and if you know someone who shares our values, invite them in. Think about the possibilities if each of us brought in just one new member. Let’s grow not just in numbers, but in richness of culture, age, background, and ideas. And while we’re doing this meaningful work, let’s not forget to enjoy ourselves. Rotary is about service, but it’s also about connection and camaraderie. Let’s make time for laughter, creativity, and fun—because people are drawn to the kind of joy and purpose that Rotary brings. We are stewards of a 103-year legacy—and I truly believe our best days are still ahead. Let’s unite, serve, and grow—together. With gratitude and enthusiasm, Jeffrey Shaffner President, 2025-2026, Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale International Projects JOIN US FOR LUNCH Volunteer With Us As we begin our Rotary year, here is a quick reminder of the service projects we have on our schedule so far. We do not have exact dates for everything, but please keep these projects in mind and be on the lookout for more information. If you would like to help with any of these projects, please contact the chair directly. If you have ideas for new projects, please contact Jorg Hruschka . Find Your Way Home &#8211; Jorg Hruschka &#8211; Select Tuesdays and Thursdays Holiday Toy Drive &#8211; Linda Cooke &#8211; October – December Thanksgiving Baskets &#8211; Steve Botkin &#8211; November Salvation Army Bell Ringing &#8211; Steve Botkin &#8211; December Challenge Air &#8211; Dan Rizzi &#8211; January 2026 Rotarians In Action JOIN US FOR LUNCH New to Rotary? Checkout the latest newsletter for exciting news on how you can get invovled! Bulletin 08-03-2026 761 KB08/02/202608/02/2026 Bulletin 07-27-2026 875 KB07/27/202607/27/2026 Bulletin 07-20-2026 966 KB07/20/202607/20/2026 Bulletin 07-13-2026 2 MB07/12/202607/12/2026 Bulletin 07-06-2026 1 MB07/05/202607/05/2026 DACdb Login Home My Rotary RI Zones 33-34 © 2026 Rotary Club of Fort Lauderdale. All Rights Reserved. Hosted by Member Minder Pro About Us Come to Our Meeting Join Our Club Our Club Mission &#038; Vision Statements Leadership Past Presidents 1090 Foundation Board of Trustees Weekly Bulletins Gallery Calendar Donate to Rotary 1090 Foundation What is Rotary? 4Way Test District Leaders District Events Club Presidents Where Clubs Meet Service 5 Avenues of Service Water Projects Overview For Members New Members New Member Service Project Every Rotarian Every Year Paul Harris Fellow Pay Membership Dues Meeting Makeups Members Directory Instructions Instructions for Club Documents Instructions for Login Instructions for Member Directory Contact Us Back To Top Search 
