URL: https://www.uslaw.org
ORG: Uslaw Network Foundation
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Home - USLAW My USLAW Search Search Attorneys Search Law Firms Practice Groups Rapid Response MENU Our Story The USLAW Difference Practice and Industry Solutions Client Toolkit Events Foundation News and Alerts About USLAW 25th Anniversary 25th Anniversary Branding Toolkit History USLAW Today Core Beliefs Board of Directors Corporate Partners Practice Group Client Advisors European Counsel/TELFA USLAW Awards USLAW Staff About USLAW NETWORK Building for Our Future Women's Connection USLAW LeadX Law Firm Management AI | Legaltech Hub Initiative Live Better | Mind. Heart. Health USLAW Success Trial Results Business Transactions Pro Bono News and Announcements USLAW launches Legaltech Hub In-House Legal Team Referral Program USLAW NETWORK is extending its collaboration with Legaltech Hub - the leading platform for legal technology insights,&hellip; Continue Reading 2026 USLAW NETWORK Foundation Law School Scholarship recipients announced Twelve exceptional law students from ABA-accredited law schools across the United States have been named recipients of&hellip; Continue Reading For Law Firms USLAW for Law Firms USLAW was founded in 2001 and has focused on delivering exceptional client service, trusted relationships and friendships&hellip; Continue Reading For Clients and In-House Legal Decision Makers USLAW for Clients and Legal Decision-Makers USLAW NETWORK provides legal decision-makers with access to attorneys who are highly knowledgeable and skilled in jurisdictions&hellip; Continue Reading For Corporate Partners USLAW for Corporate Partners USLAW NETWORK is supported by our family of corporate partners, each of whom provides a high-level expertise&hellip; Continue Reading For Attorneys USLAW for Attorneys USLAW NETWORK is a terrific business development, networking, and professional development organization for lawyers across a spectrum&hellip; Continue Reading Litigation Appellate Law Business Litigation and Class Actions Cannabis Law Complex Tort and Product Liability Construction Law Data Privacy and Security Energy/Environmental Insurance Law IP and Technology Labor and Employment Mediators and Arbitrators Medical Law Professional Liability Retail and Hospitality Law Transportation and Logistics White Collar Defense Workers’ Compensation Business and Transactions Banking and Financial Services Business Transactions/Mergers and Acquisitions Cannabis Law Cross-Border Transactions Data Privacy and Security Energy/Environmental Government Relations Real Estate Tax Law Trusts and Estates Featured Insurance Law USLAW brings together more than 60 law firms with deep experience evaluating, assessing, and litigating insurance coverage&hellip; Continue Reading Transportation and Logistics The USLAW Transportation and Logistics Practice Group is dedicated to an open exchange of ideas and information&hellip; Continue Reading Alerts European Legal Alerts Events LawMobile My USLAW Rapid Response USLAW Legaltech Hub In-House Legal Team Referral Program Short Takes Social Media State Judicial Profiles TELFA e-books and publications (Europe) TELFA Country-by-Country Corporate Structure Guide USLAW Legaltech Hub In-House Legal Team Referral Program USLAW Live Podcast Episodes USLAW Magazine USLAW Remote | Virtual Learning Collection Featured Resources USLAW launches Legaltech Hub In-House Legal Team Referral Program USLAW NETWORK is extending its collaboration with Legaltech Hub - the leading platform for legal technology insights,&hellip; Continue Reading JUST PUBLISHED: Summer 2026 USLAW Magazine is available for download The Summer 2026 edition of USLAW Magazine is now available to read, bookmark and download. Published exclusively&hellip; Continue Reading USLAW In-Person Events Calendar USLAW Remote | Virtual Learning Collection About the Foundation Champions Award Donate Now Foundation Partners Program Law School Scholarships Law School Partnerships USLAW Foundation News Foundation Partners Program USLAW NETWORK was founded with the intention of revolutionizing the legal industry and establishing a platform for&hellip; Continue Reading 2026 USLAW NETWORK Foundation Law School Scholarship recipients announced Twelve exceptional law students from ABA-accredited law schools across the United States have been named recipients of&hellip; Continue Reading USLAW News Legal Alerts European Legal Alerts Search Attorneys Search Law Firms Practice Groups Rapid Response INSTAGRAM TIKTOK LINKEDIN YOUTUBE FACEBOOK TWITTER My USLAW Search Our Story About USLAW 25th Anniversary 25th Anniversary Branding Toolkit History USLAW Today Core Beliefs Board of Directors Corporate Partners Practice Group Client Advisors European Counsel/TELFA USLAW Awards USLAW Staff About USLAW NETWORK Building for Our Future Women's Connection USLAW LeadX Law Firm Management AI | Legaltech Hub Initiative Live Better | Mind. Heart. Health USLAW Success Trial Results Business Transactions Pro Bono The USLAW Difference Practice and Industry Solutions Litigation Appellate Law Business Litigation and Class Actions Cannabis Law Complex Tort and Product Liability Construction Law Data Privacy and Security Energy/Environmental Insurance Law IP and Technology Labor and Employment Mediators and Arbitrators Medical Law Professional Liability Retail and Hospitality Law Transportation and Logistics White Collar Defense Workers’ Compensation Business and Transactions Banking and Financial Services Business Transactions/Mergers and Acquisitions Cannabis Law Cross-Border Transactions Data Privacy and Security Energy/Environmental Government Relations Real Estate Tax Law Trusts and Estates Client Toolkit Alerts European Legal Alerts Events LawMobile My USLAW Rapid Response USLAW Legaltech Hub In-House Legal Team Referral Program Short Takes Social Media State Judicial Profiles TELFA e-books and publications (Europe) TELFA Country-by-Country Corporate Structure Guide USLAW Legaltech Hub In-House Legal Team Referral Program USLAW Live Podcast Episodes USLAW Magazine USLAW Remote | Virtual Learning Collection Events USLAW In-Person Events Calendar USLAW Remote | Virtual Learning Collection Foundation About the Foundation Champions Award Donate Now Foundation Partners Program Law School Scholarships Law School Partnerships News and Alerts USLAW News Legal Alerts European Legal Alerts LOCAL KNOWLEDGE GIVES YOU THE HOMEFIELD ADVANTAGE Jurisdictional awareness is a key ingredient to successfully operating throughout the United States and abroad. USLAW members know the local rules, the judges and the local business and legal environment, and with this knowledge, our member firms deliver a home-field advantage for their clients. Celebrating USLAW's 25th Anniversary The idea that sparked USLAW NETWORK was bold yet simple: to provide businesses with regional expertise—but with the power and reach of a national network. From early days of “how can we deliver better value across jurisdictions?” the founders envisioned a different path—one of agility, independence and personal relationships. A Bright Spot in your Search for National Counsel USLAW NETWORK is a legal network for purchasers of legal services. We provide legal decision-makers with comprehensive resources, forward-thinking education programs, and referral and networking opportunities to assist them with their day-to-day management of legal issues. A Legal Network for Purchasers of Legal Services USLAW firms go way beyond providing quality legal services to their clients. Unlike other legal networks, USLAW is organized around client expectations, not around the member law firms. To ensure our goals are the same as the clients our member firms serve, our Client Leadership Council and Practice Group Client Advisors are directly involved in the development of our programs, services and initiatives. This communication pipeline is vital to our success and allows us to better monitor and meet client needs and expectations. RAPID RESPONSE Locate USLAW attorneys quickly when timeliness is critical for you and your company. This resource provides clients with direct access to attorney contact details along with the assurance that USLAW will be available 24/7 with the right person and the right expertise. An International Partnership Celebrating 20 years of collaboration, USLAW NETWORK and TELFA unite trusted legal teams across borders to deliver seamless, client-first support. Together, we’ve built a stronger global network—driven by shared values, proven results, and enduring partnerships. CONTENT ON DEMAND Check out our library of virtual programs, magazines, legal alerts, and our exclusive short take video series. USLAW delivers legal learning on your own schedule. USLAW ABROAD Just as legal issues seldom follow state borders, they often extend beyond U.S. boundaries as well. In 2007, USLAW established a relationship with the Trans-European Law Firms Alliance (TELFA), a network of over 30 independent law firms representing more than 1000 lawyers throughout Europe. Additionally, USLAW member firms are located throughout Canada, Latin America, and Asia. MAKING A DIFFERENCE The USLAW NETWORK Foundation is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization organized exclusively for charitable and educational purposes, including funding scholarships to provide financial assistance to diverse law students pursuing a legal education at an ABA-accredited U.S. law school. THE USLAW SUCCESS STORY The reality of our success is simple: we succeed because our firms’ clients succeed. Our member firms provide high-quality legal results through the efficient use of legal budgets. We provide cross-jurisdictional services eliminating the time and expense of securing adequate representation in different regions. We provide trusted and experienced specialists quickly. When a difficult legal matter emerges – whether it’s in a single jurisdiction, nationwide or internationally – USLAW is there. Success. Two Decades Strong: The USLAW NETWORK Women’s Connection In 2026, USLAW NETWORK marks the 20th Anniversary of the Women’s Connection—two decades of community, leadership, and lasting professional relationships. This milestone celebrates the impact of women across the network and the momentum that will carry the Women’s Connection into its next chapter. KNOW A REGION’S JUDICIAL PROFILE Jurisdictional awareness of the court and juries on a county-by-county basis is a key ingredient to successfully navigating legal challenges throughout the United States. To best serve our members’ clients, USLAW NETWORK offers a biennial judicial profile that identifies counties as conservative, moderate or liberal and thus provides you an important home-field advantage. FOCUSING ON YOUR WELL-BEING USLAW NETWORK and S-E-A, USLAW’s longtime premier corporate partner, jointly created an ongoing health and wellness initiative focusing on mental health and physical well-being. The joint Live Better initiative focuses on mind, heart and health and promotes a culture of health and well-being for anyone who has returned to the office, is working from home or managing a hybrid work schedule. 2001. THE START OF SOMETHING BETTER Mega-firms…big, impersonal bastions of legal tradition, encumbered by bureaucracy and often slow to react. The need for an alternative was obvious. A vision of a network of smaller, regionally based, independent firms with the capability to respond quickly, efficiently and economically to client needs from Atlantic City to Pacific Grove was born. In its infancy, it was little more than a possibility, discussed around a small table and dreamed about by a handful of visionaries. But the idea proved too good to leave on the drawing board. Instead, with the support of some of the country’s brightest legal minds, USLAW became a reality. EXPANSIVE PRACTICE AREAS The depth of practice with USLAW member firms does not stop with dozens of substantive practice groups. The full-service nature and cooperative spirit among USLAW firms provides clients access to the full gamut of legal needs regardless of geography. USLAW’s substantive practice areas bring together attorneys from approximately 100 law firms from around the world who successfully service thousands of local, regional, national and international clients. Trending Now The latest news and insights from USLAW USLAW announces 2027 calendar of events August 4, 2026 Verdict Insight Partners expands partnership with USLAW NETWORK July 28, 2026 JUST PUBLISHED: Summer 2026 USLAW Magazine is available for download June 29, 2026 2026 USLAW NETWORK Foundation Law School Scholarship recipients announced June 25, 2026 Legal Alert | Broker Liability in the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court’s Montgomery decision May 15, 2026 USLAW releases Women’s Connection 20th anniversary commemorative film March 30, 2026 2026 O&#8217;Hagan-Carr Award presented to the founder and pioneers of the USLAW NETWORK Women’s Connection March 31, 2026 USLAW launches Legaltech Hub In-House Legal Team Referral Program March 4, 2026 USLAW Live! | USLAW at 25: A conversation with Mark Solheim February 27, 2026 USLAW Live! | Litigation trends, RICO cases and adopting tech with Dan Gerber and John Jablonski January 29, 2026 Announcing the inaugural cohort for USLAW LeadX: Pathway to Success (2026–2030) January 9, 2026 USLAW NETWORK names White and Steele its newest member firm representing Colorado November 20, 2025 Amundsen Davis expands USLAW NETWORK membership, named USLAW’s Indiana member firm November 14, 2025 USLAW NETWORK announces partnership with Legaltech Hub November 6, 2025 USLAW NETWORK launches USLAW LeadX September 23, 2025 USLAW Interactive Map Select a jurisdiction and find local counsel wherever your legal needs may arise. Choose Region North America Europe Asia Latin America & Caribbean Member Primary Office Location Member Satellite Office Location Client Toolkit Discover a continuously evolving collection of free resources designed to assist clients with their day-to-day operations and legal issues. USLAW Magazine &#8211; Summer 2026 2026 USLAW Calendar of Events USLAW Live! USLAW Remote 2024 USLAW State Judicial Profiles by County Preemption falls away: A new era of broker exposure in trucking litigation Now What? Preserving and Defending Lithium-Ion Battery Claims Protecting Your Bottom Line: Adjusting Supply Chain Contracts to Mitigate Tariff Impacts ABOUT USLAW NETWORK &#8211; PLAYING NOW | Discover what makes USLAW NETWORK truly unique in this short video. Find out how their dynamic events spark engaging conversations, foster meaningful relationships, and share valuable insights. Watch now to learn why attendees leave inspired and eager for more! Successes Recent verdicts and transactions from our USLAW membership MehaffyWeber Shareholder Maryalyce Cox recently secured a complete defense verdict in a week-long personal injury trial in Harris County. The case involved a furniture company whose delivery men were accused of dropping a sofa on the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff's attorney requested damages totaling $6.75 million. Following Cox's arguments, the jury deliberated for just two hours and found the Plaintiff 100% at fault for the incident. Cox also obtained a complete defense verdict in the Northern&hellip; Continue Reading Klinedinst PC attorneys Robert Shaughnessy and Gregory Garbacz secured an excellent result and a published appellate decision when defending an attorney and her law office after they were sued by the opposing party in an unlawful detainer action that the attorney was prosecuting for her own client, a mobile-home park. Because the attorney-defendant was sued by a nonclient who alleged causes of action against her based on her representation of another party, California’s anti-SLAPP statute&hellip; Continue Reading Wicker Smith’s Orlando Partner Patrick Mixson and Associate Isaac Horowitz recently obtained summary judgment on behalf of a popular theme park in the Orlando tourism corridor. The plaintiff alleged that she fell due to a sticky substance on the ground in the queue of an attraction at the theme park and that she suffered a fractured hip as a result. The plaintiff was unable to identify the substance or its source, and she testified in&hellip; Continue Reading Jaime Baca and Claudia Aravena obtained a defense verdict on behalf of a defendant driver in an automobile negligence case in Miami-Dade County, Florida. The team was assisted at trial by co-counsel Anita Figueroa. This case arose from an accident that occurred after the firm’s client, who was operating a commercial vehicle, rear-ended the plaintiff, pushing her into another vehicle. The plaintiff was a world-renowned martial artist with no prior records of neck or back&hellip; Continue Reading In Black v. Ganieva, et al., Rivkin Radler partner Max Gershenoff, arguing on behalf of the employment law firm Wigdor, secured a landmark decision in the Appellate Division, First Department. The decision dismissed a malicious prosecution suit filed by multi-billionaire Leon Black against Wigdor, which had previously represented Black’s accuser in an action alleging sexual assault and defamation. The Appellate Division also found that Wigdor was entitled to recover the attorneys’ fees it incurred in&hellip; Continue Reading Attorney Jake Pipinich successfully obtained an Order dismissing shareholder claims against a Delaware County HOA concerning the purchase of a golf course within the geographical boundary of the community. The dismissal was affirmed on appeal, and the decision will be released for publication. Continue Reading MehaffyWeber attorneys obtain defense verdict and motion for summary judgment Maryalyce Cox of MehaffyWeber in Houston, Texas, obtained a complete defense verdict in a slip-and-fall case on behalf of a national retailer. The plaintiff broke two bones in their leg following the fall. However, the jury ultimately found the client was not negligent. Additionally, associates Trey Hillman and Uzochukwu Okonkwo both successfully prevailed on a motion for summary judgment in a premises liability case involving&hellip; Continue Reading Hanson Bridgett’s water law team and appellate group obtained a published opinion from the Court of Appeal, Fifth District, reversing a preliminary injunction and requiring courts to balance reasonable uses even at the injunctive relief stage. Nathan Metcalf led the team, which included Gary Watt, Sean Herman and Jillian Ames. Continue Reading BM&amp;S Partner Lisa J. Black and Senior Counsel Mark E. Jordan-Poinsette secure dismissal in construction accident case Black Marjieh &amp; Sanford LLP (BM&amp;S) Partner Lisa J. Black and Senior Counsel Mark E. Jordan-Poinsette successfully secured the dismissal of all claims against their client, a subcontractor named in a construction accident lawsuit. The court ruled in favor of the firm’s client, agreeing that they were not a proper Labor Law defendant. BM&amp;S presented clear evidence demonstrating&hellip; Continue Reading Wicker Smith (South Florida) Trio of Wicker Smith attorneys obtain a defense verdict in a trucking negligence case Wicker Smith Miami Partners Erik Crep and T. Michael Kennedy and Associate Trenton Wasser obtained a defense verdict in a trucking negligence case in late February in Broward County, Florida. This case involved a low-hanging power line that was hit by their client’s semi-trailer, causing a utility pole to break and hit the plaintiff’s car. Both the&hellip; Continue Reading Wicker Smith (Central Florida) Wicker Smith Naples Partners Ashley Withers, Lindsey Grossman, and Kevin Crews recently obtained a defense verdict in a wrongful death case in Collier County, Florida. They represented the hospital and a cardiothoracic surgeon in this case, in which the decedent underwent a coronary artery bypass graft (CABG). The CABG was successful, but the patient subsequently had a stroke and died. Plaintiff’s counsel alleged that the client's doctor breached the standard of care by not&hellip; Continue Reading Rivkin Radler LLP (Uniondale &amp; Albany, NY) Wilck &amp; Wisher Achieve Dismissal of Legal Malpractice Case Rivkin Radler’s Uniondale Partner David Wilck and Albany Associate Ben Wisher teamed up to defend an attorney against a legal malpractice action brought by the attorney’s former client. The plaintiff alleged that, in August 2017, the attorney prepared a deed for the plaintiff and her since-deceased brother. The intention was for the title to the properties conveyed to be&hellip; Continue Reading Rivkin Radler Partner Jonathan Bruno and Associate Jason Biegel were granted summary judgment by Judge Paul Oetken of the Southern District of New York in an action against a Catholic school located in Riverdale, New York. The plaintiffs, a recent graduate of the school and her father, alleged that the school inadequately addressed the bullying the student experienced from kindergarten through the eighth grade in violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Rehabilitation Act,&hellip; Continue Reading D.C. Court of Appeals affirms summary judgment to One Parking in slip and fall case A three-judge panel of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals affirmed the Superior Court of the District of Columbia’s grant of summary judgment to One Parking 555, LLC (“One Parking”). One Parking was sued by a patron who allegedly tripped and fell on a single-step riser in a parking garage operated by One Parking. The patron contended that the&hellip; Continue Reading Sweeny, Wingate &amp; Barrow, P.A. attorneys Mark Barrow, Richard McLawhorn, and Adam Crain recently obtained a defense verdict for a large national trucking company. It was alleged that a truck driver’s striking of a guy wire connected to a power pole was the proximate cause of catastrophic injuries suffered by a man who volunteered to help the responding fire department direct traffic to alternate routes and who was then struck by an oncoming pick-up truck.&hellip; Continue Reading Hanson Bridgett LLP sealed its victory for Australian artist Illma Gore against controversial rock musician Marilyn Manson in connection with his defamation and emotional distress suit against Gore and co-defendant Evan Rachel Wood Hanson Bridgett LLP sealed its victory for Australian artist Illma Gore against controversial rock musician Marilyn Manson in connection with his defamation and emotional distress suit against Gore and co-defendant Evan Rachel Wood. Manson dropped his appeal of Gore’s May 2023 anti-SLAPP victory&hellip; Continue Reading Rivkin Radler LLP (Albany, NY) John Queenan and Jeff Ehrhardt win motion for summary judgment in civil rights, Fourth Amendment case Rivkin Radler represented two New York State Troopers, who were individually sued via 42 U.S.C. 1983, in the Southern District of New York, for alleged violations of the plaintiff’s Fourth Amendment rights, including alleged wrongful seizure/excessive force, wrongful death, failure to intervene, and related state claims as a result of a fatal encounter. The&hellip; Continue Reading The trial attorneys at Hanson Bridgett LLP have secured a major victory in a significant win for contractor client, Smith-Hyder, Inc. The complex dispute was against the owner and representative of a synagogue (Owner) in Palo Alto, California, over its $20 million construction and development. Following a two-week evidentiary arbitration hearing, Hanson Bridgett obtained a complete defense of the Owner's $4.9 million delay and defect claim and went on to achieve a $5.2 million award for Smith-Hyder&hellip; Continue Reading Keely Duke and Marissa Brakes of Duke Evett PLLC prevailed on a Motion for Summary Judgment involving a claim for medical malpractice, where they argued that Plaintiff’s standard of care expert did not meet the statutory foundational requirements of Idaho Code §§ 6-1012 and 6-1013. The District Court agreed that Plaintiff’s expert witness testimony was inadmissible and dismissed Plaintiff’s action, with prejudice. Continue Reading Christina Hesse and Chesney Arend of Duke Evett in Idaho prevailed on a Motion for Summary Judgment involving a 42 U.S.C. § 1983 civil rights claim alleging a medical provider acted with deliberate indifference to Plaintiff’s medical needs, in violation of the Eighth Amendment. Hesse and Arend argued the defendant medical provider did not violate Plaintiff’s Eighth Amendment right to adequate medical treatment because Plaintiff was, in fact, offered medical care that he declined, “to&hellip; Continue Reading Pierce Couch partners Rusty Hendrickson (pictured right) and Jeffrey Hendrickson recently defended a local hospitalist team, including an internal medicine physician and nurse practitioner, in a medical-negligence jury trial in Oklahoma County District Court before Judge Aletia Haynes Timmons. Plaintiff alleged that the hospitalist team prematurely discharged a patient from the hospital, leading to the patient’s death several days later. During the seven-day jury trial, the defendants obtained directed verdicts on punitive damages, informed consent,&hellip; Continue Reading Williams Kastner Seattle attorneys Kenna Duckworth and Eddy Silverman recently obtained a full defense arbitration ruling on a Lemon Law arbitration wherein a motor home was alleged to have eight defects and to have been out-of-service more than the statutory 60-day time period. Duckworth argued that the defects were not covered under the pro-consumer Lemon Laws because the defects pertained to the dwelling portion of the motor home. Duckworth and Silverman obtain this victory on&hellip; Continue Reading [caption id="" align="alignleft" width="100"] Rod Umberger[/caption] [caption id="attachment_4669730" align="alignleft" width="108"] Ryan Vollans[/caption] Williams Kastner attorneys Rodney Umberger and Ryan Vollans recently obtained a defense verdict in a jury trial that lasted nearly four weeks. The case was one of admitted liability following a rear-end collision involving a commercial vehicle owned and operated by Williams Kastner’s client, a Fortune 200 company. The plaintiff, who was seeking millions of dollars, alleged that he sustained a life-altering traumatic&hellip; Continue Reading Dan L. Longo and Kelsey L. Maxwell of Murchison &amp; Cumming LLP successfully defended a Physician's Assistant in a case where the plaintiff claimed medical negligence and medical battery following a gym injury. The jury found in favor of the defense, determining that the Physician's Assistant was not negligent and had acted within the standard of care. The case began when the plaintiff tripped while walking up a flight of stairs at a gym, causing&hellip; Continue Reading Dysart Taylor directors John Wilcox and Meghan Litecky obtained summary judgment in favor of a motor carrier and its driver in a negligence action in which Plaintiff claimed damages of $20M. In 2020, Plaintiff was a passenger in a vehicle driven by her roommate (“Driver”). The two were traveling on I-70 from Colorado to their apartment in Wichita. Near Hays, Kansas, their vehicle was pulled over by a highway patrolman for suspected traffic violations. During&hellip; Continue Reading Corporate Partners Making a Difference Disclaimer Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap © USLAW NETWORK , Inc. 2026 Contact Us Name * Title * Company * Email * Message * Submit USLAW on Social Media Designed & Developed by Peak Seven. Thank You! We have received your request and will contact you. Okay 
