URL: https://ginarosemontaltomemorialfoundation.org/scholarship-fund/
ORG: Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation Inc - SCHOLARSHIP
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scholarship Information &mdash; Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation Home About Scholarship Scholarship Programs Scholarship Recipients Nursing Scholarship Recipients Shop Events Egg My Lawn Impact Inspire Blog Contact Donate Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation Home About Scholarship Scholarship Programs Scholarship Recipients Nursing Scholarship Recipients Shop Events Egg My Lawn Impact Inspire Blog Contact Donate GINA ROSE MONTALTO MEMORIAL FOUNDATION, INC. SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS Girl Scout application is open. Other applications will be open shortly. When the process begins it will be posted on this website. Please continue to visit our website for updates. ABOUT OUR SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS The Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation, Inc. will have several key programs under which qualified candidates may apply: The Foundation will be awarding scholarships to help with the cost of post-secondary education. One $5,000 scholarship will be awarded to one student who is pursuing studies in the Arts (e.g., Dance, Music, Theater and Visual Arts). A second $5,000 Scholarship will be awarded to a student pursuing a degree in one of the STEM fields (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math). Gina was a gifted artist and an excellent student. She loved to learn and excelled in each of these areas. As a proud member of the Girl Scouts of Southeast Florida since kindergarten, Gina had her heart set on achieving the highest honor in that organization. Sadly, she was unable to reach that goal prior to her life being tragically cut short. In her honor, the Foundation will also be awarding a $1,500 annual scholarship to one Girl Scout who achieves the Gold award from the Southeast Florida service unit. To help prevent another mass shooting, the Foundation will also be awarding a scholarship to an individual attending Nova Southeastern University (2019) who is pursuing an advanced degree in Clinical Psychology, Social Work, or Marriage and Family Therapy. More mental health professionals are needed in our country to identify and support those who require their help. It is our hope that through your generous donations, the Foundation will be able to keep Gina’s light shining by helping others achieve their full potential. Please check back with us in periodically for more information. STEM Scholarship Application ARTS Scholarship Application Girl Scout Gold Award Scholarship Application Nova Psychology Scholarship Application Back to Top Gina Rose Montalto Memorial Foundation, Inc., 5645 Coral Ridge Drive, Box 434, Coral Springs, FL 33076, United States ABOUT SCHOLARSHIP BLOG CONTACT SHOP DONATE FACEB OOK 
