URL: https://masfamilyscholarships.org/mission
ORG: Mas Family Scholarships Inc - Our Mission
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Our Mission - Mas Family Scholarships 0 Skip to Content Home About Our Mission Our Founder Meet the Mas Brothers Mas Family Scholarships Scholarship Information Recipients Mentorship Program Annual Golf Tournament 2027 Golf Tournament 2026 Golf Tournament Registration Contact Open Menu Close Menu Home About Our Mission Our Founder Meet the Mas Brothers Mas Family Scholarships Scholarship Information Recipients Mentorship Program Annual Golf Tournament 2027 Golf Tournament 2026 Golf Tournament Registration Contact Open Menu Close Menu Home Folder: About Back Our Mission Our Founder Meet the Mas Brothers Folder: Mas Family Scholarships Back Scholarship Information Recipients Mentorship Program Folder: Annual Golf Tournament Back 2027 Golf Tournament 2026 Golf Tournament Registration Contact In 1996, the Mas Family established a scholarship fund to support the educational aspirations of talented young Cuban and Cuban American men and women. This enduring initiative reflects a profound belief in the power of hard work, dedication, and the opportunities possible in a free society. Since its inception, the Mas Family Scholarships have supported hundreds of scholars in pursuing higher education, making it the largest scholarship program for students of Cuban descent. Many recipients have become influential leaders in their communities, exemplifying the extraordinary potential that can be realized when individuals are given the freedom and support to succeed. “ My family firmly believes that there is no better investment that we can make than an investment in the education of those who otherwise may not have an opportunity for a college education. That is why the Mas Family Scholarships was established. It is our goal to be able to assist and contribute to the formation of tomorrow’s leaders and by doing so further the ideals upon which this great country was founded. ” &mdash; Jorge Mas Santos Speech Given by Jorge Mas Santos at the Inception of the Mas Family Scholarships Today, I would like to share a personal anecdote with you. My brothers and I, since a very young age, have been stressed the importance of an education. But it was not until May 1993 that I was able to comprehend the true meaning and importance of what the gift of education is. And that happened during my younger brother Jose’s, graduation from the masters program at the University of Miami. As he received his diploma and walked back to his seat, I looked over to my parents; as their eyes swelled and tears poured, I did not see the pride of a parent, but the story of a couple who had to leave their homeland and start a new life in a new country. It is because of their sacrifice and unselfishness, as I remember my father putting money away for our education when times were difficult, that we received the gift of education that they could not. On behalf of my brothers, thank you! This is an experience that is not exclusive to us, as many of you here today have had similar situations. But this would not have been possible without this community and this great country which has given so much to us. This community has opened its arms and hearts to waves of refugees. This great country, often standing alone like a beacon in the night, has stood next to the Cuban community in our struggle for a free Cuba. Only in America can a small, local, family business that started digging ditches in Ft. Lauderdale in 1969, be today the country’s largest telecommunications service provider with operations in Europe and Latin America. Many of you here have congratulated me for the performance of our stock and for our economic performance. The legacy of our family, however, goes beyond economics and dollars and reflects upon each and every single one of you, who through friendship and support, have paved the path that has allowed us to take advantage of all that we have today. I would especially like to note the presence of someone who is very, very special to our family: Aristides Sastre. Aristides Sastre of Republic National Bank was the person that my father went to for help in 1969. At that time, my father had no money, no collateral — only a dream. It was Aristides Sastre who offered a helping hand and loaned my father his first dollar to build Church and Tower. You, Aristides, are a great part of our success. Thank you. Thank you. It is in this spirit of generosity that we stand before you today and announce the creation of the Mas Family Scholarships. There is no better investment that we can make in our future than that of education than to give those who otherwise could not have it otherwise, a chance and opportunity for a college education. Our objective is to assist and contribute to the formation of our future leaders, CEO’s, publishers, doctors, and educators, and to enrich the ideals upon which this country was founded. I was recently asked by a Herald reporter what were my personal aspirations for a free Cuba. I got a funny reaction: I told her, “I want to be president,” and she ran to publish the story before deadline. All kidding aside, my response to her was very simple. To bring back to the youth of Cuba that which was so cruelly taken by the Castro regime: hope. The ability to hope for a better future, to dream of something that they cannot capture and bring it to heart. We hope to leave a legacy not only for Cuban-Americans in the U.S. today, but one that ensures that someday—God willing, someday soon—present and future generations of our brothers and sisters in the homeland can take advantage of the Mas Scholarships and can become the pillars and caretakers of the institutions of freedom, democracy, respect for human rights and individual liberties so that these institutions become perpetually engrained in the fabric and foundation of our homeland, and that a history of 36 years of brutality and repression are never again repeated. Our family faces many obstacles on a day-to-day basis, as the search for freedom does not come without a price. A massive disinformation campaign, spearheaded by the government of Cuba, has been launched against our family. We will continue to stand tall in the face of adversity and unbending and unyielding in our convictions for that which is honorable. contact@masfamilyscholarships.org (305) 507-7323 
