URL: https://masfamilyscholarships.org
ORG: Mas Family Scholarships Inc
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Mas Family Scholarships - Home 0 Skip to Content Home About Our Mission Our Founder Meet the Mas Brothers Mas Family Scholarships Scholarship Information Recipients Mentorship Program Annual Golf Tournament 2027 Golf Tournament 2026 Golf Tournament Registration Contact Open Menu Close Menu Home About Our Mission Our Founder Meet the Mas Brothers Mas Family Scholarships Scholarship Information Recipients Mentorship Program Annual Golf Tournament 2027 Golf Tournament 2026 Golf Tournament Registration Contact Open Menu Close Menu Home Folder: About Back Our Mission Our Founder Meet the Mas Brothers Folder: Mas Family Scholarships Back Scholarship Information Recipients Mentorship Program Folder: Annual Golf Tournament Back 2027 Golf Tournament 2026 Golf Tournament Registration Contact Forging Leaders for a Free Society The Mas Family Scholarships is dedicated to honoring Cuban heritage and supporting the development of future generations of Cuban Americans through mentorship and education. This initiative is a commitment to advancing the benefits of hard work and dedication in a free society. Our Mission Our Founder Honoring the legacy of Jorge Mas Canosa: love of God, family, and homeland; the dignity of human life; the ideals of freedom and democracy; and the education of future generations in the appreciation of these ideals. Biography “I am extremely grateful to the Mas family for allowing me to fulfill my dreams. Thanks to the scholarship, I was able to pursue my passions in extracurriculars, focus on academics, and graduate debt-free. This support has truly been life-changing for me.” — Carlos Garcia Perez Scholarship Recipients Hundreds of scholars have pursued a college education because of the support of the Mas Family Scholarships, establishing it as the largest scholarship program for students of Cuban descent. Meet Our Scholars “As a two-time recipient of the Mas Family Scholarship, this opportunity transcends financial support. Thanks to the generosity of the Mas family, my pursuit of an academic career, the realization of my dreams, and the cultivation of my passion have all been made possible. The invaluable mentorship and unwavering support offered by the family and foundation are unparalleled. I hope to one day pay it forward. On behalf of both my family and myself, THANK YOU!” - Sabrina Leeloo Gonzalez ‘16 &amp; ‘20 Scholarship Information Learn about the eligibility requirements and the application period for the Mas Family Scholarships . Learn More contact@masfamilyscholarships.org (305) 507-7323 
