URL: https://www.westchesteroptimist.com
ORG: Optimist Club Of Westchester
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Join Our Club Donate Events Event Calendar Club Programs Accomplishments Volunteering JOI Club About Our Club About Us Contact Us Community Support Club Officers Resources Club Reviews Photo Gallery Articles Newsletter Registration Meetings Our Meetings Join/Support Reasons To Join Membership Application Donate Open Menu Home Events Event Calendar Club Programs Accomplishments Volunteering JOI Club About Our Club About Us Contact Us Community Support Club Officers Resources Club Reviews Photo Gallery Articles Newsletter Registration Meetings Our Meetings Join/Support Reasons To Join Membership Application Donate Join Our Club Donate &times; --> Welcome to Our Optimist Club By providing hope and positive vision, Optimists bring out the best in kids. Adult volunteers join Optimist Clubs to conduct positive service projects in their communities aimed at providing a helping hand to youth. With their upbeat attitude, Optimist Club members help empower young people to be the best that they can be. Every year, Optimists around the world conduct 65,000 service projects and serve well over six million young people. Why Become an Optimist? As Members of Optimist Clubs, individuals have the opportunity to &quot;Bring Out the Best in Kids&quot; along with other like-minded citizens. Through an Optimist Club, volunteers can answer the needs of local youth by organizing meaningful service projects. Join Today The Optimist Creed Promise Yourself... To be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. To talk health, happiness and prosperity to every person you meet. To make all your friends feel that there Is something in them. To look at the sunny side of everything and make your optimism come true. To thlnk only of the best, to work only for the best, and to expect only the best. To be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own. To forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future. To wear a cheerful countenance at all times and give every living creature you meet a smlle. To give so much time to the improvement of yourself that you have no time to criticize others. To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear, and too happy to permit the presence of trouble. Our Club Meetings If you have any questions/comments or would like to visit us at a meeting, please complete the Contact Us form and someone will be in touch with more information. Tropical Park Field House (behind Field #5) 7900 Bird Rd Westchester, FL Wednesday of the month, 6:00 - 7:00 PM Upcoming Events Scheduled events are shown below when available. To view all upcoming events, please visit our Event Calendar . Contact Us Event Calendar Membership Application 7900 Bird Road Miami, FL 33155 Privacy Policy | Terms of Use &copy; 2026 All Rights Reserved | Powered by ISADEX Corporation 
