URL: https://www.iddealplace.org
ORG: The Intellectually Developmentally Disabled Community Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 IDDeal Place | A sanctuary for independence, security, and a profound sense of belonging. RESIDENCY INFO STORIES Donate A FOREVER HOME FOR FOREVER CHILDREN The IDDeal Place—Ruttura Family Campus is a 3.5-acre residential community designed specifically for adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities. The first of its kind in Palm Beach County, Florida, it offers residents a safe and welcoming place to live with greater independence. It is a community created to foster belonging, friendship and the opportunity for every resident to thrive. DESIGNED FOR LIFE, FRIENDSHIP AND COMMUNITY The IDDeal Place—Ruttura Family Campus includes three residential buildings, each designed to contribute to the daily life, independence and sense of community experienced by its residents. The 18,000-square-foot Raymond &amp; Kathy Page Residence includes six apartments, each shared by three residents. Every resident has a private suite with a bedroom and bathroom, while each apartment includes its own kitchen, living area, screened-in porch, washer and dryer. At the center of this sprawling residence is the Sylvester Foundation Commons —the heart of daily life at The IDDeal Place. Its large kitchen, spacious dining area, comfortable couches and large television create a welcoming place where residents can share meals, celebrate milestones, relax and enjoy one another’s company. The residence also includes a meeting room, workout room and offices. Just beyond the Commons, the Kazma Family Plaza serves as the gateway to the campus backyard. This welcoming outdoor destination will bring residents, families and friends together for special events, celebrations and community activities. It will also provide a beautiful place where residents can enjoy the sunshine, recreate and spend time together amid the surrounding green spaces. Next door, the 6,000-square-foot residence is the second-largest residential building on The IDDeal Place—Ruttura Family Campus. It features three apartments, each designed for two residents and including two private bedroom and bathroom suites, a shared kitchen and living area, screened-in porch, washer and dryer. Its more intimate setting gives residents the independence of apartment living while keeping them closely connected to the friendships, activities and sense of belonging found throughout The IDDeal Place community. On the northern edge of the campus, the Stoops Family Residence provides a home for the Director of The IDDeal Place—Ruttura Family Campus . More than simply a residence, it represents the importance of engaged, on-site leadership. Living within the community keeps the Director closely connected to the residents, their families and the daily rhythm of life at The IDDeal Place—helping ensure that residents feel known, valued and truly at home. A GRAND OPENING. A NEW BEGINNING. With the cut of a ribbon, The IDDeal Place—Ruttura Family Campus officially opened its doors and began a new chapter for adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Families, friends, donors and community leaders gathered to celebrate a place built for independence, friendship, belonging and the promise of home for all. Ribbon Cutting for the Raymond &amp; Kathy Page Residence Ribbon Cutting for the Ruttura Family Campus The Residents&#8217; Ribbon Cutting of The IDDeal Place—Ruttura Family Campus Give the Gift of The IDDeal Place RESIDENCY INFO STORIES For more information, please contact at 954.234.4405 Privacy Policy Copyright 2024. All rights reserved. 
