URL: https://www.jupiterelks.org
ORG: Elks Lodge Of Jupiter
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Jupiter Elks Lodge #2469 Jupiter Elks Lodge #2469 Home About About the Elks Jupiter Elks Lodge Florida Elks Association Grand Lodge Elks National Foundation Membership Membership Membership Dues Elk Of The Month Indiantown Elks Events &amp; Activities Events &amp; Activities Holiday Giving Tree USA&#x27;s 250th Celebration Haunted Lodge Christmas Parade &amp; Craft Bingo Room Rentals Contact Us More Home About About the Elks Jupiter Elks Lodge Florida Elks Association Grand Lodge Elks National Foundation Membership Membership Membership Dues Elk Of The Month Indiantown Elks Events &amp; Activities Events &amp; Activities Holiday Giving Tree USA&#x27;s 250th Celebration Haunted Lodge Christmas Parade &amp; Craft Bingo Room Rentals Contact Us Sign In Create Account My Account Signed in as: filler@godaddy.com My Account Sign out Signed in as: filler@godaddy.com Home About About the Elks Jupiter Elks Lodge Florida Elks Association Grand Lodge Elks National Foundation Membership Membership Membership Dues Elk Of The Month Indiantown Elks Events &amp; Activities Events &amp; Activities Holiday Giving Tree USA&#x27;s 250th Celebration Haunted Lodge Christmas Parade &amp; Craft Bingo Room Rentals Contact Us Account My Account Sign out Sign In My Account 10070 W Indiantown Rd, Jupiter, FL (561) 747-2469 Mon-sat 4-10, Sun 4-9 10070 W Indiantown Rd, Jupiter, FL (561) 747-2469 Mon-sat 4-10, Sun 4-9 10070 W Indiantown Rd, Jupiter, FL (561) 747-2469 Mon-sat 4-10, Sun 4-9 10070 W Indiantown Rd, Jupiter, FL (561) 747-2469 Mon-sat 4-10, Sun 4-9 10070 W Indiantown Rd, Jupiter, FL (561) 747-2469 Mon-sat 4-10, Sun 4-9 America&#x27;s 250th Celebration Get Tickets For Upcoming Events Get Tickets Today Let&#x27;s Build The Community Better Together Become A Volunteer Become A Volunteer Become A Volunteer Volunteering can provide a healthy boost to your self-confidence and life satisfaction. Your role as a volunteer can also give you a sense of pride and identity. Help with special events, bingo, in the kitchen, on the grounds, maintenance, etc. If you would like to volunteer please click here to send us an email! Ways To Support Become A Volunteer Become A Volunteer Explore the many ways you can support the Elks. Being able to support helps you achieve a greater sense of personal satisfaction and growth. To show your support of the Jupiter Elks charitable efforts click here! Become a Harry-Anna Sustaining Donor to support the Florida Elks Youth Camp and Florida Elks Therapy Services! The Gift That Kee Show More Explore the many ways you can support the Elks. Being able to support helps you achieve a greater sense of personal satisfaction and growth. To show your support of the Jupiter Elks charitable efforts click here! Become a Harry-Anna Sustaining Donor to support the Florida Elks Youth Camp and Florida Elks Therapy Services! The Gift That Keeps Giving Click here to start a recurring gift to the Elks National Foundation Fidelity Club! Show Less Become A Member Become A Volunteer Become A Member Joining the Jupiter Elks creates opportunities for meaningful connections. These lasting friendships provide for a family atmosphere with good times. At the Jupiter Elks, it's a family. Click here or on the video to take a look at the Jupiter Elks Lodge #2469 over the last 54 years servicing the Jupiter community, veterans and our youth. About the Elks Volunteer Opportunities Elks Membership No matter where you go in the country, an Elks Lodge is right around the corner. With approximately 850,000 members and 2,000 Lodges nationwide, Elks are providing charitable services that help build stronger communities. Find out more Elks Membership Volunteer Opportunities Elks Membership Considering joining the Elks? Need a sponsor? ​Want to learn more? ​​​If so, please contact us today to learn more about becoming a member! Find out more Volunteer Opportunities Volunteer Opportunities Volunteer Opportunities Helping others is more than rewarding and the Elks has many opportunities everyday to volunteer, giving back, in addition to the opportunity to earn community service hours. Be part of a bigger movement and volunteer today! Find out more Giving Back Volunteer Opportunities Free Therapy Services, Free Youth Camp, Free Scholarships, Free Hoop &amp; Soccer Shoots, American Essay Contests, Drug Awareness, Community Service Opportunities and more! Find out more Youth Programs They are tomorrow's future, help us to help them develop &amp; grow through our Therapy Services and Youth Camp. Youth can also apply for Scholarships, learn about Drug Awareness, Hoop Shoot and Soccer Shoot Contests, American Essay Contest and more! Find out more Room Rentals The Jupiter Elks is your new destination to Host Your Next Event! Think of the Elks first! The Jupiter Elks hall is a private setting available for rental by members and non-members alike. ​Make your next event special! Find out more Elks Care, Elks Share ~ Become a Member Today! Apply Now! A sneak peek at the Jupiter Elks! Check out the Jupiter Elks Lodge video above or learn more about the National Elks, and the Florida Elks Major Projects below. Harry Anna Trust Fund - Florida Elks Major Projects Of everything that the Florida Elks do, perhaps nothing is more important than our work with the state’s youth. Sowing the seeds of accomplishment and commitment through our Florida Elks Children’s Therapy Services and Florida Elks Youth Camp programs, children are given the opportunity to grow and learn beyond their dreams. Learn more Learn more about the Elks Learn how you can become a Member, hear about how the Elks are making a difference in our communities, for Veterans, our Youth, and see how you will fit right in by becoming our newest Member of the Elks! Learn more Florida State Elks Association See what the Florida Elks are all about! Learn more Elks Membership Elks Lodges bring so much more to their communities than just a building, golf course or pool. They are places where neighbors come together, families share here's much to see here. So, take your time, look around, and learn all there is to know about us. We hope you enjoy our site and take a moment to drop us a line. Learn More Jupiter Elks Lodge #2469 Elks Care ~ Elks Share Copyright © 2026 Jupiter Elks Lodge #2469 - All Rights Reserved. Powered by 
