URL: https://hcpalmbeaches.clubs.harvard.edu
ORG: The Harvard Club Of The Palm Beaches Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Harvard Club of the Palm Beaches Harvard Club of the Palm Beaches Toggle navigation MENU Harvard Club of the Palm Beaches Home Login Alumni/Student Login Non-Alumni Login/Register Membership Join Join Chat Group Renew Member Benefits Events Upcoming Events Past Events Member Directory About Us Mission Board & Officers Conduct Contact Us Privacy Policy FAQ Presidents Letter Volunteer Opportunities Donate Upcoming Events Upcoming Events Below Signature Summer Event - Student Send-off! 3 days away 6:00PM - 8:30PM Mon 10 Aug 2026, Eastern timezone Join us for a spirited Crimson send-off for Palm Beach County students who will be entering/returning to Harvard this fall. Mix and mingle with recent and not-so-recent grads. tell a friend read more Add to Calendar Apple Google Outlook Harvard Alumni Association National Event - Welcome to Your City! 6:00PM - 8:00PM Wed 16 Sep 2026, Eastern timezone Meet and greet new alumni and residents of the Palm Beaches at this annual networking event. tell a friend read more Add to Calendar Apple Google Outlook &rarr; View All Events Recent Events Upcoming Events Below Central County Monthly Luncheon at Cafe Sapori 12:00PM - 2:00PM Wed 5 Aug 2026, Eastern timezone Join the Harvard Club of the Palm Beaches for the Club's popular Central County Monthly Luncheon! tell a friend read more Add to Calendar Apple Google Outlook A Private Sea Turtle Conservation Experience with the Harvard Club of Broward County 6:45PM - 8:45PM Tue 28 Jul 2026, Eastern timezone Discover how the NSU Broward County Sea Turtle Conservation Program protects endangered sea turtles along our local beaches. Your attendance directly supports this important work and includes a private hatchling release under the stars. tell a friend read more Add to Calendar Apple Google Outlook Crimson Conversations: Summer Format 6:00PM - 9:00PM Fri 24 Jul 2026, Eastern timezone Join us at the Tideline Palm Beach Ocean Resort for networking and cocktails, 30-minute TED-style presentations, and then summertime tunes and camaraderie on the patio. tell a friend read more Add to Calendar Apple Google Outlook Mega Bash at Roger Dean Stadium - 10 Free Tickets Remaining!! 6:00PM - 9:00PM Fri 3 Jul 2026, Eastern timezone Celebrate Harvard Club Membership Appreciation Night and our nation's birthday with Fireworks and Baseball! Register by noon on July 3rd and we will have your tickets waiting at the ticket counter under your name. tell a friend read more Add to Calendar Apple Google Outlook Central County Monthly Luncheon at Cafe Sapori 12:00PM - 2:00PM Wed 1 Jul 2026, Eastern timezone Join the Harvard Club of the Palm Beaches for the Club's popular Central County Monthly Luncheon! tell a friend read more Add to Calendar Apple Google Outlook &rarr; View More Recent Events SPECIAL THANKS TO OUR CRIMSON LEGACY MEMBERS! The Crimson Legacy Membership is a Lifetime Membership to the Harvard Club of the Palm Beaches. The following members&rsquo; premium membership helps the club continue its non-profit mission. Raj Alva Diane Atwood Maria Balodimas-Staton Riccardo Boehm Stephen Bravo Rodney Brimlow Tiffany Burnette Frank Campanaro Michael Chrusch Bryan Colwell Calvin Dalton Jennifer Dugan Harriett Eckstein Dugald Fletcher Mrs. Donald Glickman Cecilia Gonzalo Jeffrey Greaves Dale Jenkins Anna Kim Charlotte Kim Ramesh Kumar Frederick McCarthy Timothy Rea James Robinson Charo Uceda Rhys L. Williams Harvard Magazine What Makes a Fact, According to a Harvard Social Scientist Radcliffe Institute Dean Departs for Stanford Harvard College Shutters Dudley Community, Lays Off Writing Center Director Harvard Gazette When AI goes rogue A bond stronger than blood Why we need to break the grip of ‘oldigarchy’ --> Harvard Alumni Association Harvard Program and Events Harvard Clubs &amp; SIGs Directory Harvard Online Learning Powered by AlumniMagnet 
