URL: https://www.scholarship.org
ORG: George Snow Scholarship Fund Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Home - George Snow Scholarship Fund Skip to content Contact Us View Our Photos Facebook X-twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram Envelope About Us By The Numbers History Unsolved Mystery: The George Snow Story Meet the Team Board of Trustees and PAC Policy Statements Contact Us Donate Year-End Giving Donate Now 3B Society Memorials &#038; Scholarships Donors Create an Annual Scholarship Create an Endowment Explore Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuity Documents &#038; Financials Donor Bill of Rights Giving Societies Founders Society Loyalty Society Events Upcoming Events Past Events Scholarships FAQ High School Scholarships Palm Health Foundation Scholarships Graduate Scholarships Selection Process Scholar Resources Benefactor Listing Emergency Fund Application for Current Snow Scholars Financial Aid and Student Debt Support Services Alumni Resources Alumni Spotlight More Career Opportunities News Office Expansions Project Podcast Volunteer About Us By The Numbers History Unsolved Mystery: The George Snow Story Meet the Team Board of Trustees and PAC Policy Statements Contact Us Donate Year-End Giving Donate Now 3B Society Memorials &#038; Scholarships Donors Create an Annual Scholarship Create an Endowment Explore Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuity Documents &#038; Financials Donor Bill of Rights Giving Societies Founders Society Loyalty Society Events Upcoming Events Past Events Scholarships FAQ High School Scholarships Palm Health Foundation Scholarships Graduate Scholarships Selection Process Scholar Resources Benefactor Listing Emergency Fund Application for Current Snow Scholars Financial Aid and Student Debt Support Services Alumni Resources Alumni Spotlight More Career Opportunities News Office Expansions Project Podcast Volunteer RETURNING: 2026 Boca's Ballroom Battle Saturday, November 7th at The Boca Raton Meet the Dancers Here! Learn More About Our Scholarships! Click Here Follow Our Podcast! College Compass: By Experts at Scholarship.org Learn More Together, Helping the Leaders of Tomorrow, Today What began as a memorial to one philanthropic and devoted man has become a community asset— a family of individuals, corporations, private foundations, and community service organizations who share the belief that education is the key to a better life for the young people we serve. Our Mission We treat scholars like family; improving lives and impacting generational change through personalized scholarships and support services. Our Vision A community where all students can change the course of their lives and future generations through education. Learn More About Us Our Model Providing scholarship funds is easy, dedicating ourselves to helping each student graduate from college is the focus and passion for our staff. Beyond receiving scholarships and financial aid, these students become part of The George Snow Scholarship Fund. They will receive our guidance and support well beyond freshman year, as they start the next phase of their lives. Everything we do is guided by the question “What would we do for our own sons and daughters?” We do what we do for these students with the support of our local communities, and we believe this is paid back with each student achieving their career goals and becoming productive citizens within the community. Congratulations to our Class of 2026 Snow Scholars! The Fund Shows Appreciation in its 44th Year This year marks a truly monumental milestone for the George Snow Scholarship Fund. In our 44th year, we proudly expanded into Broward County, opening eligibility to local high school seniors with financial need and reaching more students than ever before. For years, there have been deserving students in Broward County whose circumstances aligned closely with our mission, and in 2026, we were honored to officially extend the Fund’s impact and opportunities to these students and their families. Read More Scholarships and Support Services In 2026, the George Snow Scholarship Fund committed over 7.5 million in scholarships and scholar support services to some of our community&#8217;s most worthy and deserving young people. Learn More About Our Scholarships Learn More About Our Support Services Alumni Support Etzer Kenta Botes “After graduating with my Bachelor’s degree in Urban Studies from NYU, I continued my education at the Harvard Kennedy school focusing on management, finance, and public policy. Read More Jessica Corneille The George Snow Scholarship Fund helped fund my college education, gave me motivation to do more for myself and my community, has allowed me to meet interesting people that are companionate about others, and most of all it has given me an opportunity to help the foundation that has helped me along the way. Read More Kala Jordan The George Snow Scholarship Fund was a blessing and really helped me succeed in my education at Florida Atlantic University. This fund motivated me to continue working hard and inspire and motivate others to receive the same gift! Read More Kethia Clairvoyant Today I am abundantly blessed to own FitLife_byKC, dedicated to fitness and wellness, while inspiring many others to live a healthier lifestyle. After leaving Georgetown University in 2000, I worked in both the non-profit and private sectors in consulting, finance and development. Read More Kristi Jackson After receiving my BA from FAU, I was fortunate enough to land a job in marketing. It was an exciting career path that led me to positions with international conglomerates and high-tech start ups, at the same time, I was able to keep my home base and raise my daughter in Boca Raton, one of the most desirable communities in the country. Read More Matt Correa The George Snow Scholarship Fund helped me get to where I am today not only by helping fund my education, but also by providing a system of support and advice along the way. Read More Torrey D. Green The George Snow scholarship, and Tim especially, gave me feelings of worth, value, and improved self -esteem. Tim and his aunt came to my home and bought one of my paintings when I was a senior in high school and that made me feel like a real artist. Read More Zulna Heriscar With the funding that I received from the George Snow Scholarship Fund, I enabled my parents to realize that their labor and the hardships they faced in coming to an unknown land were not in vain. Read More Jason Parks Jason Parks is an award-winning producer for live performances, visual media, and virtual reality content. He has produced several sold-out live shows at Boston Symphony Hall, Hatchell (Esplanade), Boston Commons, and many other locations, managing hundreds of international artists &amp; entertainment professionals. Read More James Farese Graduated from Florida Atlantic University; Founder and CEO of ReachLink; ReachLink is the first company licensed by the Florida Department of Children and Families that provides treatment for substance abuse and mental health disorders exclusively via telemedicine. Read More Alex Falcone “It truly is a family and the support continues even as an alumni. The GSSF helped me by relieving my financial stress and that allowed me to focus on goals and studies full-time.” Read More Previous Next Let's Get Connected Join Our Mailing List Contact Us 201 Plaza Real, Suite 260 Boca Raton, FL 33432 Tel: 561.347.6799 Email: [email&#160;protected] Facebook X-twitter Linkedin Youtube Instagram Envelope Together, Helping the Leaders of Tomorrow, Today We are committed to ensuring our website is accessible to all users. We have made meaningful efforts to comply with applicable accessibility standards because inclusion and equal access are of the utmost importance to us. If you experience any difficulty accessing content on our site, or if you have feedback or questions regarding accessibility, please contact our Director of Communications, Channon Ellwood at (561) 347-6799 ext. 105 or emailing [email&#160;protected] . About Us By The Numbers History Unsolved Mystery: The George Snow Story Meet the Team Board of Trustees and PAC Policy Statements Contact Us Donate Year-End Giving Donate Now 3B Society Memorials &#038; Scholarships Donors Create an Annual Scholarship Create an Endowment Explore Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuity Documents &#038; Financials Donor Bill of Rights Giving Societies Founders Society Loyalty Society Events Upcoming Events Past Events Scholarships FAQ High School Scholarships Palm Health Foundation Scholarships Graduate Scholarships Selection Process Scholar Resources Benefactor Listing Emergency Fund Application for Current Snow Scholars Financial Aid and Student Debt Support Services Alumni Resources Alumni Spotlight More Career Opportunities News Office Expansions Project Podcast Volunteer Contact Us View Our Photos 
