URL: https://dna-rag.com
ORG: Disaster Network Of Assistance Rotary Action Group Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 DNA-RAG | Facebook X Home Calendar About Us DNA-RAG Board Rotary in Action Hawaii Fire Storm 2024 RI D9212 Flooding Relief Australians for Women’s Health (A4WH) Nepal Earthquake Recovery Efforts Uttarakhand More! Resources Disaster Aid Shelter Box D7020 Recovery App Rotary Action Groups >> Preparedness Preparedness Webinars RI Zone 30/31 Disaster Planning and Response Guide Committee Structure Club Forms Emergency Phone Tree Membership Select Page  Prepare  Respond  Recover  Rebuild Connecting Rotarians. Mobilizing Help. Restoring Hope. WHAT WE PROVIDE DNA-RAG can assist and conduct training to all groups on Disaster Preparedness, Disaster Response and Post Disaster Recovery. Training manuals are in development and will be available to all when completed. DNA-RAG members have extensive experience in disaster preparedness, disaster response and long term recovery being involved in REDI (Rotary Emergency Disaster Initiative), ShelterBox, Disaster Aid International and previously supporting in the Asian Tsunami, Hurricane Katrina, Nepal earthquake, Haiti and many other Disasters. DNA-RAG Needs You Do you have expertise in the areas of; Disaster Preparedness, Disaster Response, Disaster Recovery, Training, Project Management, Fundraising, Grant Writing, The Rotary Foundation, Marketing, Advertising, or Social Media? Partner with DNA-RAG and Serve to Change Lives JOIN NOW Mission Statement DNA-RAG works to mitigate the effects of disasters worldwide through strengthening global preparedness, providing emergency response, and supporting long-term recovery. OUR VISION Recognising that Rotarians, Rotary Clubs and Rotary Districts are always at the forefront when disaster strikes, DNA-RAG provides the global network to enable the Rotary Response before, during and after disaster strikes to be sustainable and effective. OUR OBJECTIVE To build a global network of Rotarians, Rotaractors, Rotary Clubs, Rotary Districts Rotary Groups and others that have the skill sets, knowledge and background to assist in preparing for and responding to disaster ensuring that Rotary responds in an effective, sustainable manner, and that the aid provided meets the needs of those affected and assists in their long-term recovery. Click Here to Donate through DNA-RAG for Earthquake Relief in Venezuela Click Here for Wire Transfer Instructions WIRE INSTRUCTIONS FOR VENEZUELA To Contribute please wire funds to: Name of Account: Disaster Network of Assistance – Rotary Action Group Account #: 12 1682 8928 Swift Code: PNCCUS33 Physical Address of Bank: PNC Bank 9033 Glades Rd, Boca Raton, FL 33433 Ensure payee instructions entered for: Venezuela Relief Contact: PDG Phil Lustig, Chair, Tel: 1 561 212-6554 Email [email&#160;protected] Learn more and show your support DONATE NOW Urgent Appeal – Venezuela Earthquakes Jun 26, 2026 DONATE NOW Disaster Aid USA is partnering with Disaster Aid Brazil and Rotary clubs in Venezuela to assess community needs following the devastating earthquakes and coordinate the delivery of essential resources, personnel, and humanitarian aid. Disaster Aid USA and… read more… DONATE NOW Appeal for Hurricane Melissa Nov 1, 2025 The people in The Caribbean desperately need your help. As the powerful storm Hurricane Melissa gathers strength in the Caribbean, we are reaching out to you with a heartfelt plea for compassion and solidarity. Meteorologists warn that this storm has… read more… DONATE NOW Disaster Aid USA: Responding to Texas Flooding Jul 5, 2025 Catastrophic flash floods swept across Central Texas, particularly devastating Kerr and Kendall counties. Triggered by the remnants of Tropical Storm Barry, some areas received over 11 inches of rain in just hours, causing river levels to surge nearly 30… read more…  Together, we prepare. Together, we respond. Together, we make a difference. DONATE NOW DONATE CONTACT US ROTARY.ORG DONATE CONTACT US ROTARY.ORG The Disaster Network of Assistance Rotary Action Group is a group of Rotarians and non-Rotarians whose purpose is to support Rotary clubs to mitigate the effects of disasters locally and worldwide through strengthening preparedness, providing emergency response, and supporting long-term recovery, true to the principles of Rotary International. The Disaster Network of Assistance Rotary Action Group operates in accordance with Rotary International policy but is not an agency of, or controlled by, Rotary International. Follow Follow Follow © 2010-2026 DNA Rotary Action Group | All rights reserved ADMIN Privacy Policy Powered by Member Minder Pro, LLC and its affiliates 
