URL: https://www.cfbroward.org/receive/community-foundation-administered-scholarships
ORG: Community Foundation of Broward administered scholarships
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: hub
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Community Foundation Administered Scholarships Apply for Grants Apply for Scholarships Community Foundation administered scholarships Fort Lauderdale Alumnae Panhellenic Scholarship Fort Lauderdale Alumnae Panhellenic is proud to provide scholarships that reflect the organization&#x27;s belief in the development of character through service and high academic achievement. The scholarship offers educational support for young women with strong academic track records and a desire to help others. 2026/2027 Academic Year Application Deadline: Applications due by 11:59 p.m. on April 30, 2026. CLICK HERE TO APPLY Ralph H. and Ruth Frank Gross Memorial Scholarship This scholarship Fund was established in memory of Ralph and Ruth Frank Gross to honor their belief in the importance of a good education. It seeks to help often unrecognized government employees and their families to improve their lives through education. ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS. CLICK HERE TO APPLY Mary Houliston MacDonald Scholarship for Women This scholarship was established by Mary Houliston MacDonald. Mary wanted to make it possible for women who are divorced, widowed or abandoned by their husbands to obtain the education or training opportunities necessary to be independent. ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS. CLICK HERE TO APPLY Tripp Family Fund for Educational Opportunity This scholarship established by Broward County attorney Norman Tripp and his family helps women, using education to overcome difficult personal circumstances, who are transferring from Broward College to earn their bachelor’s degree at Florida Atlantic University. APPLICATIONS CLOSED. Apply for Grants Apply for Scholarships Brand Guidelines © Copyright 2024 by Community Foundation of Broward. Privacy Policy. CONTACT US 910 East Las Olas Boulevard Suite 200 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 954.761.9503 2023 by Community Foundation of Broward. Privacy Policy.
