URL: https://sites.google.com/achievemiami.org/scholars/scholarshipsresources
ORG: Achieve Miami scholars portal
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Achieve Scholars Portal - Scholarships/Resources Achieve Scholars Portal Achieve Miami HS Programs HP 25-26 Scholarships/Resources Tutoring Achieve Scholars Portal Achieve Miami HS Programs HP 25-26 Scholarships/Resources Tutoring More Achieve Miami HS Programs HP 25-26 Scholarships/Resources Tutoring Scholarships Freshmen Scholarships Sophomore Scholarships Junior Scholarships Senior Scholarships Undocumented Student Resources Trade/Technical School Scholarships Senior Scholarship Spotlights BDJ40 Scholarship 12th Grade Due Date: 4 / 15 Overview: $15,000 Udonis Haslem Foundation Requirements: Any Miami-Dade or Broward County high school senior with at least a 3.2 GPA and community service experience To apply, tell us how your experience with mental health has impacted your beliefs, relationships, and career goals. Please also submit a 1-2 minute video introducing yourself. Phi Beta Sigma (Theta Rho Sigma Chapter) 12th Grade Due Date: 4/ 20 Overview: Eligibility Requirements Include: Must be a graduating high school senior attending a public or private school in Miami-Dade or Broward County Minimum 2.5 unweighted GPA Official high school transcript College or university acceptance letter Minimum 24 community service hours Two letters of recommendation Completed photo release form Typed essay (maximum 3 pages, double spaced) APPLY HERE The Hadden Scholarship 12th Grade Applications open from 2/1-5/15 Overview: Award amount: Varies Youth Foundation considers scholastic achievement, character, leadership, volunteerism, and financial need * . There is a minimum unweighted grade point average requirement, 3.5 on a 4.0 scale, to apply for a Hadden Scholarship. There is no minimum test score requirement, but past winners have had competitive scores. Prospective HBCU Students Scan the QR Code or Click HERE . Complete the scholarship packet and submit by April 15, 2026. Junior Scholarship Prep The Gates Scholarship Applications open Summer Deadline: Sept 2026 The Gates Scholarship (TGS) is a highly selective, last-dollar scholarship for outstanding high school seniors from low-income households. Each year, the scholarship is awarded to exceptional student leaders, with the intent of helping them realize their maximum potential. Ideal Candidate An ideal candidate will have: An outstanding academic record in high school (in the top 10% of his/her graduating class) Demonstrated leadership ability (e.g., as shown through participation in community service , extracurricular, or other activities) Exceptional personal success skills (e.g., emotional maturity, motivation, perseverance , etc.) Posse Foundation Applications open Spring/Summer Deadline: Fall 2026 The Posse Foundation Scholarship is a prestigious, full-tuition leadership scholarship for high school seniors and veterans , partnering with over 65 top U.S. universities. It selects diverse, talented teams—&quot;posses&quot;—who demonstrate leadership, academic potential, and a commitment to teamwork and community, providing them with training, mentorship, and full funding. Partner Universities: Franklin &amp; Marshall College, Hamilton College, Mount Holyoke College, Pomona College, Syracuse University, and Vanderbilt University Ideal Candidate An ideal Posse scholar is not just defined by high GPA, but by strong leadership abilities and a collaborative spirit. Ideal candidates are: Active Leaders: Individuals who have demonstrated leadership in their high schools, communities, or families. Collaborative: Strong team players, often selected for their ability to work well with others. Diverse: Students from various backgrounds with a strong commitment to fostering an inclusive campus environment. Coca Cola Scholarship Applications open Aug/Sept 2026 Deadline: October 2026 The Coca-Cola Scholars Program scholarship is an achievement-based scholarship awarded to students in their final year of high school. Students are recognized for their capacity to lead and serve, as well as their commitment to making a significant impact on their schools and communities Requirements: Scholarships: The Horatio Alger Scholarship Program Eligibility: High school seniors with a 2.0 GPA or higher interested in pursuing an associate’s degree or certificate program. Award Amount: Up to $25,000. Deadline: March 15, 2026. The Jack Kent Cooke Foundation College Scholarship (for Juniors to start researching now) Eligibility: High-achieving high school seniors with demonstrated financial need and a GPA of 3.75 or above. Award Amount: Up to $40,000 per year. Deadline: November 1, 2026. The Unigo Financial Freedom Scholarship Eligibility: Must be 13 years or older and a U.S. resident. Award Amount: $2,500. Deadline: March 31, 2026. The Unigo Financial Freedom Scholarship (for Juniors to start researching now) Eligibility: Must be 13 years or older and a U.S. resident, with a 2.5 GPA or higher. Award Amount: $10,000. Deadline: December 31, 2026. The Community Foundation of the Ozarks Scholarships (for Juniors to start researching now) Eligibility: Various scholarships available for students with a GPA of 2.5 or higher. Award Amount: Varies by scholarship. Deadline: March 16, 2026. The Voice of Democracy Scholarship (for Juniors to start researching now) Eligibility: Open to students in grades 9-12, with a minimum GPA of 2.5. Award Amount: Up to $30,000. Deadline: October 31, 2026. The Dell Scholars Program (for Juniors to start researching now) Eligibility: High school seniors with a GPA of 2.4 or higher and be Pell Grant eligible. Award Amount: $20,000 plus other benefits. Deadline: February, 2027. The Coca-Cola Scholars Program (for Juniors to start researching now) Eligibility: High school seniors with a minimum GPA of 3.0 and a U.S. resident. Award Amount: $20,000. Deadline: September, 2026. The Don’t Text and Drive Scholarship Eligibility: Open to high school and college students with a GPA of 2.5 or higher. Award Amount: $1,000. Deadline: September, 2026. Underclassmen (9-11th) Major Resources: Big Future (College Board) Scholarships 360 SCOIR Major Scholarships to begin preparing for (9-10th grade: National Merit Scholarship Program Questbridge Posse Coolidge Scholarship Seniors (12 th) Major Resources: *In addition to those listed for underclassmen MDCPS CAP Bulletin Florida Bright Futures SCOIR ADDITIONAL RESOURCES Ethics and AI at Caltech Essays That Worked “MY PARENTS WON&#39;T HELP WITH MY FAFSA! Scholarships for ACT Scores Deadline: Varies A 30 ACT score can not only help you for college admissions, however, but can qualify you for numerous merit scholarships. This is an amazing opportunity to help cut down on your costs for college, which can reach upwards of $80,000 a year at top schools. Scholarships can also help expand your network and boost your resume when you eventually apply for jobs. School-Based Scholarship Programs All colleges and universities have a scholarship page. Please visit your top schools and research their scholarship portal! Miami Dade College First Year Scholarships All Seniors applying to UCF Pegasus Scholarships- Pegasus Scholarships are awarded to entering students. There is no separate application for this scholarship program. Students who apply for admission to UCF for summer or fall terms are automatically considered. Review all UCF College and Departmental Scholarships. FIU Scholarship Portal All Seniors applying to FIU Includes merit-based and need-based scholarships for incoming students. Search for first-year and admissions scholarships. Some deadlines as soon as 12/4! UCF Scholarship Portal All Seniors applying to UCF Pegasus Scholarships- Pegasus Scholarships are awarded to entering students. There is no separate application for this scholarship program. Students who apply for admission to UCF for summer or fall terms are automatically considered. Review all UCF College and Departmental Scholarships. Venture Miami Scholarship Fund STEM Scholarship FULL TUITION The Venture Miami Scholarship Fund provides tuition support to provide gap funding for at-need City residents who have been accepted into STEM or defined-demand occupation programs at participating colleges and universities, including Florida International University, Florida Memorial University, Miami-Dade College, and the University of Miami. Additional Opportunities/Resources Report abuse Page details Page updated Report abuse
