URL: http://www.southernscholarship.org/
ORG: North Miami Senior High — /financial-aid/ - www.southernscholarship.org
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Southern Scholarship Foundation | A Living and Learning Community Skip to content Facebook page opens in new window YouTube page opens in new window Instagram page opens in new window Linkedin page opens in new window TikTok page opens in new window Southern Scholarship Foundation A Living and Learning Community Home Foundation About SSF Alumni Stories Impact Board and Staff Financial Statements Scholarship Rent-Free, Cooperative Living How to Apply FAQs Residents House Directory Documents Forms Leadership Development Events Engage Engagement Giving Communities Smarter Ways to Give Partners Contact APPLY DONATE Search: Home Foundation About SSF Alumni Stories Impact Board and Staff Financial Statements Scholarship Rent-Free, Cooperative Living How to Apply FAQs Residents House Directory Documents Forms Leadership Development Events Engage Engagement Giving Communities Smarter Ways to Give Partners Contact Make a Gift to the 2026 Alumni Legacy Campaign Southern Scholarship Foundation increases access to higher education by providing students with rent-free living and learning communities. Click to Donate SOUTHERN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION A Living and Learning Community Learn More Contact Us Resident Handbook Review the Fall 2026 Updates Before Move-In. Download House Tour Video Watch the tour video of SSF&#8217;s Smith-Tyner Scholarship House in Tallahassee, Florida. Watch Support SSF Residents Every gift you make expands access to higher education. Make a Gift 0 INSTITUTIONS 0 HOUSES 0 RESIDENTS 0 ALUMNI Scholarship House Locations Southern Scholarship Foundation currently has 26 houses in the state of Florida. Of our 26 homes, 16 are located in Tallahassee, 8 in Gainesville, and 2 in Fort Myers. Click/tap the house icons to learn more! House Directory Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events at this time All Events Join Our Social Media Community Become a part of our vibrant social media community and engage with us and fellow followers Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn TikTok Alumni Stories Learn more about our residents as they share a piece of their story here on the #SSFStories Blog! Mar 16 2026 Ian Alvarez “My time at SSF helped shape my academic discipline, leadership, and belief that ambitious goals are achievable with the right foundation.” Read more Mar 11 2026 Sean Lewertow “SSF provided a space where I learned to balance responsibility with connection.” Read more Mar 11 2026 Christella Jean-Pierre “SSF was the perfect balance of heart, hand, and mind.&#8221; Read more Mar 11 2026 Stephanie Singleton-Williams “SSF gave me essential life skills, leadership habits, and lasting relationships.” Read more Resources Document Portal Forms succeSSFul Alumni More than a Scholarship… a Living Learning Community Southern Scholarship Foundation increases access to higher education by providing students with rent-free living and learning communities. Learn More Request a Tour Institutions We Work With Be the first to know, subscribe to our newsletter and blog. Subscription form Privacy Policy Find us on: Facebook page opens in new window YouTube page opens in new window Linkedin page opens in new window Instagram page opens in new window TikTok page opens in new window Non-discrimination policy SSF does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion/creed, gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, in any of its activities or operations Resources SSF Stories Blog Documents Events Forms Southern Scholarship Foundation 2026 Home Foundation About SSF Alumni Stories Impact Board and Staff Financial Statements Scholarship Rent-Free, Cooperative Living How to Apply FAQs Residents House Directory Documents Forms Leadership Development Events Engage Engagement Giving Communities Smarter Ways to Give Partners Contact Menu Go to Top 
