URL: https://www.atmourningsharks.net/cap-corner/
ORG: Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High — /cap-corner/
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 CAP Corner &#8211; Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High School News &#038; Announcements Code of Student Conduct Code of Student Conduct COSC Presentation Grades 6-12 Twitter Instagram Home of the Sharks Home About 2026-2027 New Student Registration Making Lasting Impressions Principal’s Message Administration School Report Card Staff Directory School Financial Report Mission and Vision Health/Food Inspections Food Service Inspection Report - February 2025 Food Service Inspection Report - February 2025 Food Service Inspection Report - March 2024 Food Service Inspection Report - March 2024 Food Service Inspection Report - March 2024 Advanced ED Accreditation School Policies/Procedures Absence Policy Attendance Policy MDCPS No Credit Policy Uniform Policy MDCPS District Links District Website Meet Your School Board Member North Region Office MDCPS Wellness Policy English Spanish Haitian-Creole 2024-2025 Healthy School Team Committee Action Plan Academics 2026-2027 MDCPS Curriculum Bulletin 2026-2027 New Student Registration 2026-2027 Subject Selection Forms Academies Advanced Placement &amp; Dual Enrollment Bell Schedule Diploma Pathways Graduation Requirements Activities Advertising Opportunities Clubs Forms Performance Groups Tiburon Yearbook Athletics Athletics Overview Athletic Tickets FHSAA (Florida High School Athletic Association) GMAC (Greater Miami Athletic Conference) Students 2025-2026 School Climate Survey 2025 Heads Up Phone Down Campaign New Florida Law What Families Need to Know Why the New Rule What's Allowed & What's Not Use Your Device When Teacher Says To 2025-2026 Parent/Student Handbook Attendance Policy CAP Corner Check Out a Device, Today! Classroom Library Code of Student Conduct Code of Student Conduct COSC Presentation Grades 6-12 FortifyFL – See Something, Say Something Free Menstrual Products Available Math Tutoring Mental Health Resources Miami-Dade Public Library System Seniors Cap & Gown Stay Connected Student Portal Student Services Assignments Community Service Record Counselors' appointments Final Grade Calculation Student Services Department Counselors Transcript Request Form Trust Corner Uniform Policy Parents 2026 Summer Assignments 2025-2026 School Climate Survey 2025-2026 Exceptional Student Education (ESE) Parent Survey 2025-2026 School Board Approved Comprehensive Evidence-Based Reading Plan (CERP) 2025-2026 Read-at-Home Plan for Student Success 2026-2027 Mobile Device Checkout Procedures 2025 Florida Parental Rights and Protections in Education 2026-2027 New Student Registration 2025 – 2026 Open Enrollment Period for District’s Full – Time Virtual Schools 2026-2027 Parent/Student Handbook Accessing the Parent Choice Application Arrival/Dismissal Procedures Attendance Policy Become a School Volunteer Check Out a Device, Today! Classroom Library Family Portal / FAST FLDOE School Report Cards Florida Report Cards Parent Letter 2026-2027 Instructional Materials K12 Student Insurance Lunch Free and Reduced Lunch Survey Mental Health Resources OJT Course Registration 2026-2027 Parent Academy Parents' Bill of Rights Parent Portal Project UP-START PTSA Standard Response Protocol Stay Connected Summer 305 Uniform Policy Water Safety Parent Resources Title I Calendars/Schedules 2026-2027 School Year Calendar Bell Schedule Monthly Activities Calendar MDCPS Testing Calendar Contact Us Explore MDCPS CAP Corner CAP Advisor Mission College Resources Access College Applications Important Forms Scholarship Bulletin Board Ileana Rodriguez, College Assistance Program Advisor Phone: 305 919-2000 ext. 2143 irodriguez3@dadeschools.net Activate SCOIR Give guidance, counsel and make recommendations for future college choices and admission strategies Help students design a comprehensive college admissions plan Help students choose the college/university that's the right "fit" for them Help students make sound college selection choices and put them on a clear path towards success Help students research enrichment opportunities: summer collegiate programs, internships, travel abroad, throughout their four years in high school Help students who express an interest in vocational, professional, military options, explore those options Provide students with information about local and national scholarships Provide students with opportunities to visit local college fairs and meet with college admissions officers Conduct information sessions for students, through the English classes, and in small group settings, to address topics pertaining to the college admission process Provide parents with opportunities to attend presentations and information sessions regarding the college admissions process College Resources with information at your fingertips! FACTS.org is Florida's Academic Counseling and Tracking for Students. Sponsored by the Department of Education and the Florida Center for Advising &amp; Academic Support, this free online advising website helps students plan and track their education progress from middle school through college. Collegeboard.org is known for the SAT, a college entrance exam, Collegeboard is one of the most widely used college resource websites ACT.org is known for the ACT test, a college entrance exam, ACT is a nonprofit organization offering educational and workplace measurement and research services. http://www.college.gov - Learn how to pay for college, why you should go, what you need to do to get there and how to talk to your family about college http://knowhow2go.org - You have big plans. Big dreams. You know college is where to start. You know why to go to college; we're here to tell you how. http://www.floridastudentfinancialaid.org - State Scholarships &amp; Grants: 1-888-827-2004 Toll-Free E-mail to: OSFA@fldoe.org http://www.fasfa.gov - Get help paying for college Submit a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) http://www.cappex.com - College Search made simple! Search for colleges, get detailed info on college admissions and apply for scholarships. http://www.fastweb.com - Search for scholarships with our free scholarship matching service, get student financial aid and find money to pay for college at FastWeb. http://www.thinkhbcu.org - Welcome to THINKHBCU.ORG...Your Historically Black Colleges and Universities Information Web Site "You Come...You Learn...You Graduate" THINKHBCU.ORG® http://www.uncf.org - An educational assistance organization with 40 private, historically black, member colleges and universities. http://www.hsf.net - Hispanic Scholarship Fund provides financial support for Latinos going to college and educates students and families about the resources available for paying for college. http://lulac.org/programs/education / - LULAC is the largest and oldest Hispanic Organization in the United States. LULAC advances the economic condition, educational attainment, political influence, health. DisabilityInfo.gov - Provides quick and easy access to comprehensive information about disability programs, services, laws and benefits. Video Tutorial : Seven Easy Steps to the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid). http://www.mynextmove.org/ - Search careers with key words, browse careers by industry, tell them what you like to do and discover careers that might be a match. http://www.college-scholarships.com/learning_disabilities.htm - Colleges with Programs for Learning Disabled Students. http://www.collegeweeklive.com / - CollegeWeekLive is a free, online college fair featuring over 260 colleges and universities worldwide. Modernizing the college admissions process, these events make .. http://www.ecampustours.com/ - College planning site with over 1300 360 degree college tours - Read about admissions, student financial aid, campus life, scholarships, etc. http://www.scholarships.com/ www.ctcl.org - Colleges That Change Lives, Inc. (CTCL) is a non-profit organization dedicated to the advancement and support of a student-centered college search process. www.questbridge.org - The QuestBridge College Prep Scholarship provides unparalleled opportunities designed to help outstanding low-income high school juniors prepare to apply to top colleges. The National College Match program pairs outstanding low-income high school seniors with admission and full scholarships to more than 30 QuestBridge partner colleges. http://www.possefoundation.com - College Access and Leadership Development Founded in 1989, Posse identifies public high school students with extraordinary academic and leadership potential who may be overlooked by traditional college selection processes. Posse extends to these students the opportunity to pursue personal and academic excellence by placing them in supportive, multicultural teams—Posses—of 10 students. Posse partner colleges and universities award Posse Scholars four-year, full-tuition leadership scholarships. www.thinkcollege.net - Welcome to Think College! Doors to colleges are opening for people with intellectual and other developmental disabilities in many different ways all over the country. www.going-to-college.org - A resource for teens with disabilities. Learn how to use your strengths, learning style and interests to set goals for college. www.hillel.org/campus/finacial_aid/scholarships/default - Jewish Scholarship Resources for High School and College Students Jump to Jewish scholarship listings by state: National, California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Washington D.C ... http://www.jelf.org/ - Jewish Educational Loan Fund: Interest-Free Loans For Higher EducationThe Jewish Educational Loan Fund grants interest-free loans to Jewish students from Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia for post-secondary study at accredited institutions. JELF’s loans are “last dollar” — they supply the final funds that a student needs to attend school. These loans can be used for study at a college or university, graduate school or professional/vocational school that leads to a degree or certificate. www.navigatingyourfuture.org - Navigating Your Financial Future (NyFF) offers a variety of free financial literacy products and services to students, parents and institutions. www.campuspride.org - National online community and resource network committed to student leaders and campus organizations. Extensive information, resources, and products http://www.bls.gov/ooh/home.htm - Welcome to the Nation′s premier source for career information! The profiles featured here cover hundreds of occupations and describe What They Do, Work Environment, How to Become One, Pay, and more. Each profile also includes BLS employment projections for the 2010–20 decade. https://www.teenlife.com/‎ - Need one source for academic, summer, and gap year programs for teenagers? Whether you are a parent, educator, or teenager, check out what Teenlife has to ... www.idealist.org/ ‎- The world's best place to find volunteer opportunities, nonprofit jobs, internships, and organizations working to change the world since 1995. www.bestcolleges.com/features/best-colleges-for-lgbt-students/ - Published list of the 30 best colleges for LGBT students. Guide to Florida State University System - Public Universities Guide to Private Colleges and Universities in Florida Common Black College Application - apply to 36 HBCUs with one application The Common Application - over 400 schools accept this college application The Universal Application - a consortium of 60 colleges that accept this college application College Resources CAP Shark Tank College Admissions 101 College Preparation Timeline College Visit - Absences Community Service Suggestions FASFA Information - Application for Financial Aid Money 4 College Opening Doors to College Summer Programs Transition from HS to College Checklist Grade Level Timelines 9th Grade Timeline for Parents 9th Grade Timeline for Students 10th Grade Timeline for Parents 10th Grade Timeline for Students 11th Grade Timeline for Parents 11th Grade Timeline for Students 12th Grade Timeline for Parents 12th Grade Timeline for Students Resources for Undocumented Students Supporting Undocumented Students Other Helpful Resources for Undocumented Students CAP Scholarship Bulletin The CAP Scholarship Bulletin provides information and links to over 300 postsecondary scholarship opportunities. Students are encouraged to subscribe to scholarship search engines to access additional scholarship opportunities as this bulletin is not an exhaustive list. Download Adobe Reader Parent Portal Student Portal Web Accessibility Statement Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High School 2601 NE 151st St North Miami Beach, FL 33160 Phone: (305) 919-2000 Fax: (305) 919-2001 Copyright © 2026 Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High School. All rights reserved 
