URL: https://scholarshipamerica.org/
ORG: Miami Palmetto Senior High — /scholarships/ - www.scholarshipamerica.org
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Scholarship America｜Eliminating Barriers to Education Skip to main content Browse Scholarships Donate Toggle search panel. Toggle navigation menu. Sponsors Donors Students About News &amp; Events Sponsors Is your organization ready to make a difference? Scholarship America is equipped to create a scholarship program with best practices and your goals in mind for maximum impact. Foundations &amp; Nonprofits Corporations Government &amp; Institutions Set Up A Scholarship Community-Focused Emergency Aid Children of Employee Employee Scholarships Dollars for Scholars Chapter Login Find Your Chapter Donors No matter how you give, you can make an impact. Whether it’s monthly giving, an employer match, planned and estate giving, or a donor-advised gift, we make every dollar count. Support Scholarships Memorial &amp; Tribute Scholarships Employer Matching Gifts Planned &amp; Estate Giving Students College is expensive, and financial aid can be a complex challenge. Scholarship America is here to help you every step of the way, no matter what your educational goals might be. Scholarships for High School Students Scholarships for STEM Students Scholarships for Community College Students Scholarships for Current College Students Scholarships for Veterans Browse Scholarships Resources About We’re dedicated to removing financial barriers so every student has the opportunity to pursue their dreams. Board &amp; Leaders Careers Reports &amp; Financials Security Trust Center Contact News &amp; Events Scholarship America is the nation’s leading administrator of scholarship programs, combining best-in-class service with a nonprofit mission to eliminate barriers to higher education. Blog Media Webinar Library 2026 Irving Innovation Awards Browse Scholarships Donate Your mission. Our solutions. Their futures. Since 1958, Scholarship America aims to eliminate financial barriers to students’ dreams. Our scholarship management services have helped sponsors of every size build flexible programs to connect their missions with best-in-class solutions and real results. Browse Scholarships Partner with Us Create impact in your local community with Dollars for Scholars. Find Your Chapter Excited to make a difference? Donate to support our mission. Make a Donation Nonprofit mission. Best-in-class services. We’ve collaboratively created and sustained scholarships for sponsors in almost every industry , partnering on incredible investments in developing student talent. No matter your level of expertise— our scholarship experts can help you navigate the complexities of scholarship setup while keeping your mission close to heart and empowering the students you want to help. Corporations Engage your employees, contribute to your community, and develop your future workforce. Foundations &amp; Nonprofits Deliver education support directly to students facing financial need in your community. Government &amp; Institutions As an expert trusted nonprofit, we ensure your scholarship is efficient, compliant, and secure. Your donation creates a ripple effect felt for generations Supporting students strengthens our future. Your donation—no matter the size—can create an impact that is felt for years to come. With your help, we have the power to build more equitable opportunities for students facing systemic disadvantages. Support Our Scholarships Explore Other Ways To Give $6B Awarded to students since 1958­͏ 3.5M Students supported over our history $338M In scholarship dollars awarded in 2025 20K First-gen students supported last year Brands you know, and sponsors who are making a difference Your #1 resource for navigating scholarships Finding and applying for the right scholarships can be a daunting task. That’s why Scholarship America offers a safe and trusted resource to help you find scholarships and answer important questions along the way. Browse Scholarships Learn More I would like to thank Scholarship America for changing the lives of so many students who thought they could not attend college… Dream Award Scholar Kimberly Rendon Ready to set up your scholarship? Get in touch. Our team is here to help you achieve your goals and build your custom scholarship program. Contact Us About Careers Contact Set Up a Scholarship Dollars For Scholars Blog Visit Scholarship America on Facebook Visit Scholarship America on X Visit Scholarship America on Instagram Visit Scholarship America on LinkedIn Visit Scholarship America on YouTube Minneapolis, Minnesota 7900 International Drive, Suite 500 Minneapolis, MN 55425 (800) 537-4180 (507) 931-1682 Saint Peter, Minnesota One Scholarship Way Saint Peter, MN 56082 (800) 537-4180 (507) 931-1682 Sign Up for News Scholarship America uses the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our relevant content, products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For information on our commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our Privacy Policy. &copy; 2026 Scholarship America | All Rights Reserved | EIN: 04-2296967 Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms &#038; Conditions This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By clicking “Accept”, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Reject Accept
