URL: https://miamisouthridgeshs.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/FYE-Scholarship-Guide.pdf
ORG: Miami Southridge Senior High — /college-assistance-program-cap/ - Earning Scholarships Guide
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Workshop #01 Craft your life story to win scholarships, align yourself with your goals, and fi nesse the school system. It’s time to get the money you deserve! Table of contents 1. The secret 2. Essa y #1: "WHY YOU" 3. ESSA Y #2 "GOAL DIGGER" 4. Essa y #3: "Life lesson" 5. Essa y #4 "keep going" 6. Essa y #5 "role model " 7-8. ESSA Y tips & tricks 9. Motiv a tion 10. Resources Learn the secret to winning scholarships “Why do you deserve this scholarship?” “What are your academic and/or career goals?” “Talk abut a time you failed at something/made a mistake....” “Talk about a time you’ve overcome an obstacle” “Who do you admire and why?” Some advice before you go Some guidance before you really go Where to apply to the scholarships 01. Wha t's the secret? The secret about scholarship essays is that most applications ask the SAME questions. This gives you the perfect opportunity to use old essays to win new money. It just takes a little finesse. This workshop will prepare you with the top 5 most common scholarship essay prompts. Through this process, we will work to craft your unique story. The goal of this workshop is to get you on the path to writing scholarship-winning essays. Don’t be afraid of the five essays, you already know all the information needed to complete these prompts. It’s all about you, after all! Through this process, you will get in touch with your passions, goals, and future life as a college student. 02. Essa y #1: The "WHY YOU?" Question The question: Why do you deserve this scholarship? Why are they asking me this? What do I write about? This question might seem a bit shady, but these organizations want to know they are investing in the right person. 1. How will the money help you pursue your career/goals? 2. What have you done so far to pursue your goals and how will the money help? 3. What will the scholarship help you do in the future? 03. Essa y #2: The "GOAL DIGGER" question The question: What are your academic and/or career goals? Why are they asking me this? What do I write about? Once again, people want to know that their money is going in a good place. You need to show them that you have a clear plan for their financial contribution. 1, What is your goal? 2. What/who inspired you to pursue your goal? 3. What are you doing to show your interest (clubs/organizations/workshops/classes)? 04. Essa y #3: The "Life lesson" question The question: Talk abut a time you failed at something/made a mistake. What did you learn from it? Why are they asking me this? What do I write about? Learning from your mistakes shows maturity and perseverance. This is an important mindset to have in order to succeed in college. 1. What was the mistake? 2. How did you adjust? 3. What did you learn from this? 05. Essa y #4: The "push through" question The question: Talk about a time you’ve overcome an obstacle Why are they asking me this? What do I write about? College is tough, it’s important that you can learn to roll with the punches and throw a few of your own. This is your time to show you’re not afraid to back down from a challenge. 1. What was the obstacle? 2. How did you push through? 3. What did you learn? 06. Essa y #5: The "role model " question The question: Who do you admire and why? Why are they asking me this? What do I write about? You are the people you look up to! This is your time to show love to those that have encouraged you to aim high. 1. Who is your role model? 2. How do they inspire you? 3. How do you use their inspiration to set/accomplish your goals? You may be asking, “Wait...How do I even write an essay?” Don’t worry, I got you. QUICK TIPS 1. Check your grammar Grammarly.com is a great place to catch typos and grammar issues. You DON’T need to pay, the free version works pretty well on it’s own. 2. Find your voice 3. Be a victor (not a victim) Focus on capturing your natural voice. Reading your essay back to you is a good way to catch any weird sentence structure that a grammar checker can’t pick up. Writing a scholarship is not about who has the best sob story, it is about showing colleges you have the drive and motivation to push through challenges. Dig deep and share your personal stories but make sure you always provide examples of how these stories have shaped your life. This is your time to show your strengths. 0 7. Basic Essay Structure This is a traditional essay structure that helps you gather your ideas in an easily readable format. Your essay format will be: Double spaced, Times New Roman font, and 12 point font. 1-2 pages Introduction Body Conclusion Paragraph 1 Paragraph 2 Paragraph 3 Wrap everything up! Restate the essay prompt and summarize everything you said in the body paragraph. End with a strong closer. Strong opener Your opener needs to catch the readers attention. Think about something that will make people stop and want to continue reading your essay Your thesis statement explains what your essay is going to cover. It should address every point you’re going to make in your body paragraph. Aim for one sentence that briefly covers each point. Address the first point of your thesis. Provide supporting evidence. Address the second point of your thesis. Provide supporting evidence. Address the third point of your thesis. Provide supporting evidence. Thesis Statement 08. 0 9. MOTIV A TION Myth Truth You need to do your best to win scholarships. Make yourself as competitive as possible and then apply, apply, apply! Lottery winners are randomly selected. With scholarships, you have control over your essays, application, interview, and so much more! If you have a desire to go to college despite negative statistics, stereotypes, and obstacles- that sounds pretty special to me. Believing in yourself is the first step to making big things happen! You need to be a genius to get a scholarship Getting a scholarship is like trying to win the lottery. I’m just not “special enough” to win a scholarship. 10. for local + national awards: Fastweb.com Scholarships.com Cappex.com/ Niche.com
