URL: https://admissions.miami.edu/undergraduate/financial-aid/scholarships/daca/index.html
ORG: Coral Reef Senior High — /cap-corner/ - U Dreamers Program
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
U Dreamers Program | Undergraduate Admission | University of Miami Accessibility Options: Skip to Content Skip to Search Skip to footer Office of Disability Services Request Assistance 305-284-2374 Display: Default High Contrast University of Miami Simple text logo for University of Miami Apply About UM Give to UM Schools School of Architecture College of Arts and Sciences Business School School of Communication School of Education and Human Development College of Engineering School of Law Rosenstiel School of Marine, Atmospheric, and Earth Science Miller School of Medicine Frost School of Music School of Nursing and Health Studies The Graduate School Division of Continuing and International Education Alumni Search Tools People Search Class Search IT Help and Support CaneLink myUM Workday Canvas/Blackboard Employment Privacy Statement University of Miami Simple text logo for University of Miami Search UM (Mobile) Apply Apply About UM Give to UM Schools Alumni Academics Admissions Student Life Research UHealth Athletics Tools Popular Links News@TheU People Search IT Help and Support CaneLink myUM Workday Canvas/Blackboard Employment Privacy Statement Home Search Site More Sites Academic Bulletin Undergraduate Financial Aid ’Canes Success Center Academics Majors Cognates Honors &amp; Scholars Programs Dual-Degree Programs Applied Learning Academic Resources How to Apply Requirements First-Year Transfer Veterans Submit My Application First-Year Transfer Admission Plans &amp; Deadlines My Application Status Admission Decisions Explained Withdraw My Application Transferring Credits Counselor Hub Tuition &amp; Aid Scholarships Types of Aid Tuition &amp; Costs Net Price Calculator Applying for Aid Office of Financial Assistance &amp; Employment Student Life Living on Campus Health &amp; Wellness Clubs &amp; Organizations Athletics Campus Safety Connect Campus Visit Virtual Visit Prospective Student Events Group Tours Meet Your Guides Our City About Us FAQs Class Profile Admission Blog Información en Español Find Your Counselor Request Information Contact Us Academics How to Apply Tuition &amp; Aid Student Life Connect About Us Toggle navigation More Sites Academic Bulletin Undergraduate Financial Aid ’Canes Success Center Search Search George W. Jenkins Ronald A. Hammond Stamps Isaac Bashevis Singer Marta S. and L. Austin Weeks DACA U Dreamers Program History Additional Scholarships &amp; Resources Academics Majors Cognates Honors &amp; Scholars Programs Dual-Degree Programs Applied Learning Academic Resources How to Apply Requirements First-Year Transfer Veterans Submit My Application First-Year Transfer Admission Plans &amp; Deadlines My Application Status Admission Decisions Explained Withdraw My Application Transferring Credits Counselor Hub Tuition &amp; Aid Scholarships Types of Aid Tuition &amp; Costs Net Price Calculator Applying for Aid Office of Financial Assistance &amp; Employment Student Life Living on Campus Health &amp; Wellness Clubs &amp; Organizations Athletics Campus Safety Connect Campus Visit Virtual Visit Prospective Student Events Group Tours Meet Your Guides Our City About Us FAQs Class Profile Admission Blog Información en Español Find Your Counselor Request Information Contact Us More Sites Academic Bulletin Undergraduate Financial Aid ’Canes Success Center George W. Jenkins Ronald A. Hammond Stamps Isaac Bashevis Singer Marta S. and L. Austin Weeks DACA U Dreamers Program History Additional Scholarships &amp; Resources About Us Academics How to Apply Financial Aid Student Life Visit Home University of Miami Undergraduate Admission Tuition &amp; Aid Scholarships U Dreamers Program A A A U Dreamers Program George W. Jenkins Ronald A. Hammond Stamps Isaac Bashevis Singer Marta S. and L. Austin Weeks DACA U Dreamers Program History Additional Scholarships &amp; Resources GET STARTED 1 Request Info 2 Visit 3 Apply The U Dreamers Program is available to academically talented and admissible Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and undocumented high school seniors and transfer students. UM is committed to providing students of all nationalities and citizenship statuses with opportunities to nurture their talents and pursue their goals. Depending on the amount of the aid offer, this could potentially cover tuition and mandatory fees, food and housing based on our published cost of attendance, books, transportation, and personal expenses.&#160; Scholarships that are in excess of qualified educational expenses (i.e., tuition and mandatory fees) may be subject to a tax. Please refer to the&#160; IRS Publication 970 Tax Benefits for Education &#160;to learn more about which expenses do not qualify as educational expenses, including, but not limited to, living expenses, meal plans, and any other expenses not required to attain a degree in your field of study.&#160; Eligibility Criteria The U Dreamers Program is available to eligible first-year and transfer DACA and undocumented applicants seeking to enroll in the fall semester. The application and supporting documents must be received by the stated deadlines in order for applicants to be eligible for U Dreamers consideration. Applying for Admission DACA and undocumented applicants must meet the First-Year Admission Requirements or the Transfer Admission Requirements , including submission of the International Financial Certification Form, by the stated&#160;deadlines. In addition, first-year DACA and undocumented applicants must: Attend an accredited high school in the U.S. Apply under one of our fall admission plans Submit the &#8220;Personal Information Update&#8221; form located within the Applicant Portal, which asks students to provide their country of birth and number of years lived in the U.S., and to attest that they will not require a student visa for university study in the U.S. Note: Students receive access to their Applicant Portal after submitting the Common Application. This form must be submitted by November 15 for Early Decision I and Early Action or by January 15 for Early Decision II and Regular Decision. In addition, transfer DACA and undocumented applicants must: Have graduated with a high school diploma or its equivalent Currently attend a regionally accredited institution of higher learning in the U.S. and have completed at least 60 postsecondary credit hours at the time of their application Apply by the fall deadline of April 15 and submit all&#160; Transfer Admission Requirements by&#160;the stated deadlines Submit the &#8220;Personal Information Update&#8221; form located within the Applicant Portal, which asks students to provide their country of birth and number of years lived in the U.S., and to attest that they will not require a student visa for university study in the U.S. Note: Students receive access to their Applicant Portal after submitting the Common Application.&#160;&#160; This form must be submitted by May 1. Applying for Aid DACA and undocumented applicants are not required to submit the FAFSA. However, if interested in need-based financial aid, they must complete the following requirements by the stated aid deadlines : CSS Profile Note: The CSS Profile submission fee may be waived for those who qualify. For more information, visit College Board&#8217;s Fee Waiver page . Tax Documents Note: Tax documents should be uploaded directly to College Board&#8217;s&#160;IDOC service. Government or Employer Earnings Statements Note: These statements should be uploaded directly to College Board's IDOC service. For more information, visit the&#160; Applying For Aid page. Terms and Conditions Students admitted to the U Dreamers Program must complete a full-time undergraduate program of study with no fewer than 12 credit hours during each of the fall and spring semesters for a minimum of 24 credit hours per academic year. Students in the U Dreamers Program must maintain a minimum GPA of 3.0 at the University of Miami, with the initial calculation at the end of the second semester of attendance. The financial aid package is subject to revision pending receipt of any grant, scholarship, or prepaid tuition and/or housing aid not anticipated at the time the package is awarded. If a student in the U Dreamers Program experiences a citizenship change which at any point qualifies them for federal student aid , the U Dreamers funding will be discontinued and the student may apply for federal, state, and other institutional need-based aid. Visit our Terms &amp; Conditions page for more information.&#160; Contact Us Freda Clement-Willis Office of Undergraduate Admission 305-284-5875 f.clementwillis@miami.edu &#160; Christina Ward Office of Student Financial Assistance and Employment 305-284-6000 c.ward@miami.edu &#160; Top University of Miami Coral Gables , FL 33124 305-284-2211 Office of Undergraduate Admission 1306 Stanford Drive, Suite 1210 Coral Gables , FL 33146 TEL: 305-284-6000 TEL: 305-284-6000 FAX: 305-284-2507 UM Network About UM UM News and Events Admissions Alumni &amp; Friends UHealth Hurricane Sports University Hotline Canes Culture Tools and Resources Academic Calendar People Search Department Search myUM Canvas/Blackboard Workday Careers Visit Campus Map Parking &amp; Transportation Connect social-facebook social-youtube social-instagram tiktok Copyright: 2026 University of Miami. All Rights Reserved. Emergency Information Privacy Statement &amp; Legal Notices Title IX &amp; Gender Equity Website Feedback Individuals with disabilities who experience any technology-based barriers accessing University websites can submit details to our online form .
