URL: https://friendsihs.org
ORG: Friends Of The Israel Heart Society Inc
SOURCE: web.archive.org/20240222201822
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Friends of the Israel Heart Society - Home Friends of the Israel Heart Society Friends of the Israel Heart Society c/o Jeff Goldberger, MD PO Box 4848 Skokie , IL 60076 j-goldbe rger @miami .edu About Mission Officers Biography - J. Alpert Biography - J.S. Borer Biography - E. Braunwald Biography - A. Lerman Biography - C. Lotan Biography - A. Segev Biography - B.J. Maron Biography - D.S. Rosenbaum D.S. Rosenbaum - In Memorium Biography - M.J. Wolk Biography - D.P. Zipes Board Biography - C. Antzelevitch Biography - C.J. Love Biography - A.J. Moss Biography - M. Scheinman Newsletters Receptions Conferences Links Contact Us Join FIHS Home FIHS Mission ﻿ The Friend﻿s of the Israel Heart Society (FIHS) is an association of health care professionals from around the world dedicated to support the delivery of cardiovascular health care, training, and research in Israel. ﻿Dr. Ronen Rubinshtein of the Israel Heart Society Fall 2022 Newsletter September 2022 - Tishrei 5783 Highlights of this newsletter include: New Year&#39;s Message from FIHS President Dr. Jeff Goldberger The 69th Conference of the Israel Heart Society in Association with the Israel Society of Cardiothoracic Surgery, May 2022: large in-person attendance, Annual Meltzer and Mirowski Awards, presentations and pictures Updates on Upcoming Conferences in Israel including IDSS-International Dead Sea Symposium (to which FIHS sponsors North American cardiology fellows) and the 70th Annual Israel Heart Society/Cardiothoracic Society Conference Highlights of the 2022 International Dead Sea Symposium on Cardiac Arrhythmias and Heart Failure including Fellows Case Competition Innovations from Israel New Save A Heart Foundation collaboration with California Chapter of the Ameican College of Cardiology and the Israel Heart Society Our Classified Section with openings for medical professionals at medical centers in Israel The latest Heart Beats section with achievements related to members and Israeli hospitals ﻿In Support of the: ﻿ Fall 2020 Newsletter September 2020 Highlights of this newsletter include: New Year&#39;s Message from FIHS President Dr. Jeff Goldberger Encouraging Coronavirus News Updates on Upcoming Conferences in Israel including IHS and ICI Meetings Innovations from Israel Our Classified Section with openings for medical professionals at several medical centers in Israel Request for Abstracts for the 12th Annual International Conference on Acute Cardiac Care scheduled for May 2021 in Tel Aviv The latest Heart Beats section with achievements related to members and Israeli hospitals ﻿ Winter 2020 Newsletter February 2020 Highlights from this newsletter include: An interview with Israel Heart Society President Dr. Doron Zahger Celebrating ten years of the FIHS Newsletter under the leadership of editor Dr. Jack Stroh Pictures and highlights from the ICI Meeting in Tel Aviv December 2019 Innovations from Israel Upcoming Conferences A peak at the new novel from author and FIHS founder, Dr. Doug Zipes Our new Classified Section with openings at several medical centers in Israel A trip down memory lane with sample Newsletters from the past decade of Dr. Stroh&#39;s Editorship Honor Roll of 2019 FIHS Sponsors Start/Renew Your FIHS Membership Today Upcoming Conferences ﻿ The 70th Annual Conference of The Israel Heart Society in Association with The Israel Society of Cardiothoracic Surgery under the Auspices of The Israel Cardiology Association June 05-06-20, 2023 October 28-31, 2018 Tel Aviv David Intercontinental Convention Center Facebook LinkedIn ﻿The upcoming meeting will focus on innovation in cardiovascular medicine, while combineing original scientific contributions and invited lectures divided into plenary and parallel sessions in the various subspecialties. We are proud to be presenting a large number of distinguished, world-renowned international guest speakers and leaders from the European Society of Cardiology (ESC), the American College of Cardiology (ACC), the American Heart Association (AHA), the Society of Cardiovascular CT (SCCT), AFICARDIO (French-Israeli Association in Cardiology) and many more.﻿ Copyright 2021 Friends of the Israel Heart Society. All rights reserved. Friends of the Israel Heart Society c/o Jeff Goldberger, MD PO Box 4848 Skokie , IL 60076 j-goldbe rger @miami .edu
