URL: https://hallandalescholarshipfund.org
ORG: Hallandale Scholarship Fund Inc
SOURCE: web.archive.org/20221007191623
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Hallandale Scholarship Fund, Inc. | Official Website Loading... Hallandale Scholarship Fund 954-454-9070 P.O. Box 1331 Hallandale Beach, FL 33008 hallandalescholarshipfund@gmail.com Hallandale Scholarship Fund Search... Home Mission &amp; History Applications Donate --> Contact Us Search 2022 Scholarship Application Deadline Date: August 1st, 2022 --> Inspiration, Innovation and Discovery. The Hallandale Scholarships Fund promotes scholarship incentives and provides a recognition program for students residing in Hallandale Beach, Florida. Sign Up Now! Investing in Knowledge. The Hallandale Scholarship Fund program offers scholarship awards to Hallandale Beach residents in the form of grants of financial aid to encourage students in their pursuit of higher education. Sign Up Now! Open Minds. Creating Future. The Hallandale Scholarship Funds include two-year and four-year colleges for universities and career-technical schools. Sign Up Now! The Hallandale Scholarship Fund Organization The Hallandale Community Council Scholarship Fund has recognized the achievements of hundreds of Hallandale Beach resident high school graduates with financial awards ranging from $100 to $5,000 each, totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars. In 2009 the Hallandale Community Council Scholarship Fund, Inc. became the Hallandale Scholarship Fund, Inc. and continues to provide scholarship awards to graduating high school seniors who are residents of Hallandale Beach. Students apply for scholarships through the aid of the Guidance Counselors at their own schools. In turn, the Counselors provide the Committee with additional information, cumulative average, extra curricular activities, results of achievement, aptitude and college entrance tests. The choice of school is left to the student but the Committee requires that his or her application be accepted and the student enrolled before any funds are disbursed. Read More Investing in Hallandale Beach Students Join our community of students in Hallandale Beach helping you succeed. Applications Website Pages Home Mission &amp; History Applications Donate --> Contact Us Contact Us (954) 454-9070 P.O. Box 1331 Hallandale Beach, FL 33008 hallandalescholarshipfund@gmail.com HSF Updates Enter your email address to get the latest information related to Hallandale Scholarship Fund delivered right to your inbox. Subscribe &copy; . All Rights Reserved . Privacy Policy . Designed by EZ Duzit Websites
