URL: https://www.keybiscaynefoundation.org
ORG: Key Biscayne Community Foundation Inc
SOURCE: web.archive.org/20120619011714
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Key Biscayne Community Foundation Home My KBCF Contact Sitemap Join us on Facebook! LOGIN About What We Do Board of Directors The KBCF Team Giving Donors Advisors Investment Committee Investment Options Investment Strategy Impact Community Programs Donor Funds Past Recipients Available Grants News Events Press My KBCF here is the intro text for Users Logged in June 9-17, 2012 | Brand New Kid City Theatre &#038; Key Biscayne Community Foundation presents The Brand New Kid play from June 9-17, 2012 at the Adrienne Arsht Center. This delightful kids’ musical based on the children’s book by television journalist Katie Couric is about being different and overcoming teasing through the power of acceptance and friendship. For more information, click Learn More . Celebrating 20 Years! We have a lot to be proud of for the success of our Village government. Village Green, the Community Center, excellent police, immediate response from our first rate fire/rescue teams, high quality public area maintenance and so much more have shown what a community can do when given control of at least part of its tax dollars. What is less visible is the consequence of Village tax rates that have consistently been lower than the rate charged by the County to unincorporated area residents. Happy 20th Anniversary Key Biscayne! KBCF Receives $62,000 in Grants The Key Biscayne Community Foundation recently received a $62,000 Grant from Health Foundation of South Florida to provide evidence-based healthy aging programs to older adults in three local communities. According to the Key Biscayne Community Foundation Executive Director Melissa McCaughan White, since the Key Biscayne Community Foundation considers that we are a community within a community and because healthy aging is a priority that every community shares, we have collaborated&#8230; KB Women&#8217;s Giving Circle The Key Biscayne Women&#8217;s Giving Circle is devoted to growing philanthropy among women, with the aim of identifying and financially supporting programs for women and/or children in need throughout Miami-Dade County. This year the Key Biscayne Women&#8217;s Giving Circle is delighted to support three not-for-profits: (1) The Miami Choral Academy; (2) The Holtz Children’s Hospital &#8211; ArtCares program; (3) Design and Architecture Senior High School &#8211; DASH Police Dept Provides Holiday Relief The Key Biscayne Police Chief Charles Press joined the City of Miami Police Department in a Holiday Relief Event that benefited one of the poorest areas of Miami-Dade County. Chief Press started a charitable fund a few years ago to raise money in order to purchase hundreds of toys for Liberty City children and hundreds of turkeys for Liberty City seniors at Christmas time. Chief Press and his officers take their day off to personally handout&#8230; Learn About KBCF Donor Information Professional Advisors Available Grants Contact KBCF Key Biscayne Community Foundation 50 West Mashta Drive Suite 3 Key Biscayne, FL 33149 T: (305) 361-2770 F: (305) 361-2770 Resources News Knowledge Center Sitemap Social Networks rss Facebook Recent Posts June 9-17, 2012 | The Brand New Kid Co-presented by the Adrienne Arsht Center with City Theatre & Orlando Repertory Theatre. "Highly entertaining!" - The Wash... May 9, 2012 | City Theatre Script Reading The City Theatre script reading event is on May 9, 2012. Learn more.... Copyright © 2011 Key Biscayne Community Foundation . All rights reserved. top Site by Light Made Liquid, LLC
