URL: https://www.pjcf.org
ORG: Perry J Cohen Foundation
SOURCE: web.archive.org/20251010122955
----------------------------------------------------------------------
About The PJCF | pjcf --> top of page Follow us Log In About The PJCF Mission About Our Logo Initiatives Perry J. Cohen Wetlands Laboratory Wetlands Laboratory Videos &amp; Photos JERFSA PJC University of Miami RMSAS Endowment Summer Camp Scholarships Boating Safety Education Best Practices Weather Watch Register Now For Classes Boating Safety Information PJCF Champions DONATE Tribute Donations Pay Pal Donations Active Fundraisers Press/Images Contact Us Join Our Mailing List Board of Directors Partners Product Page Donate More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Home DONATE NOW The Foundations Mission is Devoted To The Advancement of: ​ The Arts Environmental, Marine and Wildlife Education &amp; Preservation Teenage Entrepreneurship Boating Safety Education PJCF Mission The Perry J. Cohen Foundation (PJCF) is a non- for- profit 501(c)(3), established by Perry&rsquo;s mother, Pamela Cohen, and his stepfather, Nicholas Korniloff. The Foundation was created to carry on Perry&#39;s legacy and support what he was most passionate about. The PJCF is devoted to the advancement of: ​ The Arts Environmental, Marine &amp; Wildlife Education and Preservation Teenage Entrepreneurship Boating Safety Education ​ The Arts: One of the four pillars of the foundation is to support one of Perry&rsquo;s greatest passions and loves &ldquo;The Arts&rdquo;, the PJCF works to raise funds that will support creative programing of the ARTS ( the process of human creativity) for young talented individuals through its relationships with non for profit , private and public cultural, educational and art institutions. ​ Environmental, Marine &amp; Wildlife Education and Preservation: Because of Perry&rsquo;s deep love for the sea, a highlight of the foundation&rsquo;s work is the Perry J. Cohen Wetlands Laboratory At Jupiter High School and its annual continuing education scholarship program that will recognize deserving students who plan to further their education in the Marine Science and Marine Wildlife fields, as well as the preservation of our coastlines. ​ Teenage Entrepreneurship: Perry possessed a strong entrepreneurial spirit and loved to help others. His natural entrepreneurial instincts were evident as a young child when at six years old he started his own car washing and detailing business in his neighborhood creating marketing tools and securing dozens of clients, he later worked in the local tackle shop. He enjoyed working various jobs within his parents business and was filled with many creative ideas. In this spirit, PJCF will honor Perry&rsquo;s legacy of creativity and hard work and support students with similar interests and skills. ​ Boating Safety Education : PJCF is creating awareness and education for all individuals around the safe enjoyment of recreational boating, fishing, and water sports. The goal of the foundation is to facilitate a deeper connection between America&rsquo;s youth and proper boating safety standards. Through interactive education and enhanced safety awareness, the foundation will seek to empower youth to take a preemptive lifesaving approach to boater safety: to instill smart decision-making skills that will last a lifetime. The PJCF has funded and educated over 1,500 individuals through the United States Coast Guard Auxiliary. The foundation will also seek to continue to provide financial assistance to future SAR efforts for others lost at sea. Back to Top ​&copy; 2025 by The Perry J. Cohen Foundation Privacy Policy bottom of page
