URL: https://alternativeeducationfoundation.org
ORG: Alternative Education Foundation Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Alternative Education Foundations &#8211; AEF Schools AEF Schools Call Us: (954) 581-8222 Our Address: 4650 SW 61st Ave Davie, FL 33314 Give Donation Home About Us Conflict of Interest Policy Document Retention Policy Gold Seal Charity – Guidestar Mission Statement Public Records Whistle Blower Policy AEF Offers AEF Camps AEF Programs Research Services Volunteer Resources Articles of Interest Behavior Doctors Medications Non-Profit Organizations Potty Training School Scholarships &#038; Funding Contact us Donate Events MAKE A DONATION --> AEF (Alternative Education Foundation) is a not for profit 501(c)(3) governed by a Board of Directors . The foundation operates schools , conducts educational research, provides professional training, and hosts parent support groups . The schools serves the South Florida area and caters to students and families who are effected by Autism, Attention Deficits, Cognitive Delays, and related social and communication deficits. AEF provides transport for students within Broward, Miami-Dade, and Palm Beach Counties. AEF was founded in 2003 by a group of parents who wanted a better education for their children. These parents had tried a variety of public and private schools, but could not find a school that catered to their child’s specific needs; academics, social skills, cognitive skills and life skills . The one-size-fits-all approach of traditional schools was not working and their children, despite their intelligence, were not experiencing success. They did not want to place their children in special programs that serviced more severe social, emotional and behavioral problems. Their solution was to start a non-profit foundation , whose primary goal was to fund school programs catering to average to above-average intelligence children and adolescents who were not excelling academically, socially, and/or at home. These students do not require a restrictive environment but rather a structured, nurturing environment focusing on academic, social, and cognitive skills. You have taken the first step to ensuring the future success of your child. If you are reading this, you or someone you know are not satisfied with your child’s current school and know there must be a better alternative . Or maybe your school is not being supportive in helping you raise a well-mannered, successful, and confident child or teenager. Either way, you have found the right place. Donate Now to Help Children Whose Needs Are Not Being Met Make Both Restricted and Non Restricted Tax Deductible Donations to AEF. All Donations to AEF are considered charitable contributions under IRS Code 501C3. Donate to AEF General Scholarship Fund &#036;0 of &#036;125,000 raised Raised by 0 Donors Donate to AEF Building Fund Donate to AEF Building Fund 0% funded Raised by 0 Donors Donate to AEF General Scholarship Fund &#036;0 of &#036;125,000 raised Raised by 0 Donors This is my daughter&#8217;s first year at AEF and I am happy with the progress she is making. She has an IEP from the public schools which provides her with to speech therapy and extra reading and math assistance she needs on top of what she is receiving from AEF. Lynn Carnegie Vogl - AEF has not only enriched my daughter&#8217;s life but the entire family. They get it! They understand that not every child learns the same way. They understand that every child is different, and special in their own way. I appreciate and I am grateful for AEF for what they do Michelee Summersett - Join AEF for an afternoon of charity, fun, and spirited competition for all ages and skill levels. TopGolf, like mini-golf, requires NO PRIOR GOLFING EXPERIENCE and is fun for all ages. The afternoon will consist of two rounds of play, selection of food and beverages, raffles, and a Silent Auction. Prizes given to top three teams. Reserve your spot today. TopGolf Charity Event Flyer Navigating Classroom Challenges: Practical Tips for Struggling Teachers Education is a fast-paced and highly dynamic industry, and every teacher faces hurdles at one point or another. Whether you&#8217;re a seasoned educator or just starting your journey, facing challenges in the classroom is an inevitable part of the profession. Talkspace notes that teacher burnout is a growing problem in schools as educators today are facing higher expectations, more work, and fewer resources than they did even a few years ago. If you’re struggling, know you’re not alone. AEF Schools understands the demanding nature of your role, and we’re here to offer some practical advice and support! Keep Your Paperwork Organized When you’re facing challenges in the classroom, organizing your paperwork can offer a sense of control. Stop sifting through stacks of paper on your desk to find lesson plans, student records, and educational resources. Digitizing your files will streamline the administrative part of your job, saving you valuable time and reducing the stress associated with paper-based record-keeping. Digital document storage also allows for quick searches, easy updates, and seamless sharing with colleagues, students, and parents. There are plenty of tools to help make the job easier, as well. For instance, his free tool can help with converting PDF to Word in a matter of seconds. Experiment with Classroom Management Strategies When classroom management strategies are implemented effectively, they create a positive and productive learning environment. If you’re struggling to maintain order in your classroom, experiment with different classroom management strategies until you find what works best for you. One effective strategy is giving your students one direction at a time and waiting for everyone to complete each task before moving on. Working with your students step-by-step can reduce the amount of time you spend repeating yourself. Building good classroom management skills will help you build rapport with your students, fostering a sense of respect and cooperation in the classroom. Also, remember that a clean and tidy classroom is a happy classroom. Include kids in keeping up with clutter , especially surrounding activities and events. Advocate for Yourself Teachers are fantastic advocates for their students. But how often do you advocate for yourself? Too often, teachers neglect their needs and rights to satisfy parents or avoid confronting the administration. Maneuvering the Middle recommends scheduling face-to-face meetings with people who have the power to fix the challenges you’re facing. Prepare for your meeting with a detailed description of your concern and who it impacts, as well as some potential solutions. Remember, advocating for yourself is not selfish. When you are supported, valued, and have the resources you need, you can devote your full energy to teaching! Make a Plan to Balance Work and Personal Life As a busy teacher, it can be easy to neglect your own well-being. However, finding ways to balance your work and personal life is essential to preventing teacher burnout. Start by setting clear boundaries, ensuring work doesn’t creep over into your personal time. Spend some of your personal time practicing self-care, whether it be in the form of exercise, relaxation, or engaging in your favorite hobbies. Don&#8217;t hesitate to seek support from colleagues, friends, or family when needed, and remember that it&#8217;s okay to say &#8220;no&#8221; to additional work commitments when you&#8217;re feeling overwhelmed. Importantly, try to be mindful of your work-life balance so you can recognize problems and adjust your approach as necessary to ensure teaching remains a fulfilling and sustainable career. Each challenge you face as a teacher is an opportunity for growth and transformation. From digitizing your teaching paperwork to practicing effective classroom management, finding solutions to your everyday teaching challenges can help you become a more resilient and resourceful educator. Embrace the journey, face your challenges head-on, and become an inspiration to your students! Founded in 2003, AEF Schools believes that success is measured one child at a time! Call 954-581-8222. Alternative Education Foundation (AEF) conducts research projects whose findings assist in generating education and support groups for social skill development, academic advancement, and sensory integration for children / adolescents who have been diagnosed with Autistic Spectrum Disorders, ADHD, and Non Verbal Learning Disorders. Fundraising Causes Home About Us AEF Schools Events Volunteer Resources Contact us Donate From The Blog Sweet 16th Annual AEF Charity Golf Event - Sunday December 7th 2025 at Top Golf Pompano February 1, 2017 Bring Art Into the LIfe of your Child with Special Needs February 1, 2017 Copyright © 2021 AEF Schools | Privacy Policy | Web Design by Geografixx.com Contact us Blog 
