URL: https://www.bravofamilyfoundation.org
ORG: Bravo Family Charitable Foundation
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Bravo Family Foundation &#8211; Empowering purpose-driven entrepreneurs Skip to content ABOUT US What We Do Our Team OUR PROGRAMS Exceptional Community Leaders Rising Entrepreneurs Apply Empowering Young Entrepreneurs Subprograms information Bravo Venture Fellowship News Español Contact us We support people with purpose At Bravo Family Foundation, we believe that where you start shouldn&#8217;t limit where you can go. We support individuals in Puerto Rico with the mindset to grow and the drive to lead, helping them take ownership of their future. Through mentoring, education, and access to networks, we provide the tools and resources that fuel personal and economic empowerment. By investing in purpose-driven leadership, entrepreneurship, and community innovation, we turn potential into progress, creating pathways to a more inclusive and prosperous future. Vision To foster a more inclusive and prosperous future for Puerto Rico, where individuals can grow and contribute to the overall economy through personal and professional empowerment. Mission Empower the next generation of leaders in Puerto Rico by providing the tools, mentorship, and resources needed for socio-economic mobility. We guide young people and aspiring leaders to take control of their futures through community leadership, purpose-driven technology, entrepreneurship, and innovative projects. We create pathways to lasting personal and economic independence through mentorship and by modeling successful entrepreneurs. Our programs support their: personal and professional growth, inspiring them to become leaders committed to sustainable economic development. Rising Entrepreneurs The program supports entrepreneurs who are ready to grow their business and expand globally, through hands-on training, expert mentorship, and access to a high-impact network, a space where your vision meets the tools, connections, and strategies needed to scale. Learn more Empowering Young Entrepreneurs Program This program equips public high school and university students in Puerto Rico with the tools, experiences, and mentorship needed to unlock their full potential and cultivate an entrepreneurial and tech-driven mindset. Learn more Bravo Venture Fellowship This program supports founders of Puerto Rican descent in scaling their businesses globally by providing equity investment, operational support, and access to a strategic network over the course of one year. Learn more Empowering purpose-driven entrepreneurs About Us Our Team Rising Entrepreneurs Program Bravo Venture Fellowship Empowering Young Entrepreneurs Exceptional Community Leaders News Contact Us About Us Our Team Rising Entrepreneurs Program Bravo Venture Fellowship Empowering Young Entrepreneurs Exceptional Community Leaders News Contact Us SUBSCRIBE FOR NEWS AND EDUCATIONAL CONTENT* Email Address* Follow Us Facebook Instagram Linkedin X-twitter © 2025 Bravo Family Foundation. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Privacy Policy 
