URL: https://www.jtmacdonaldfdn.org
ORG: Dr John T Macdonald Foundation Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation &#xf0c9; Home About Dr. John T. Macdonald Board of Directors Grants Signature Programs Grants &#038; Scholarships Grants Awarded Application Procedure News Contact Us Apply for a Dr. John T. Macdonald Grant Learn More Serving the Miami-Dade Community since 1992 The DR. JOHN T. MACDONALD FOUNDATION provides funding for programs and projects designed to improve, preserve or restore the health and healthcare of people in Miami-Dade County. About Dr. John T. MacDonald Foundation Since its inception in 1992 as a grant-making institution, the Foundation has invested $53,605,886 in 627 grants and scholarships throughout the community. The mission of the Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation is to "provide funding for programs and projects designed to improve, preserve or restore the health and healthcare of the people of Miami-Dade County." The Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation Board of Directors is committed to sustaining its support of meeting the needs of our local community, while being engaged in funding cutting-edge medical advances. Grant making are the points of pride for the Foundation, from the signature programs established at the University of Miami, to funding grants to community-based organizations, to our nursing &amp; medical scholarships awarded to our local higher educational institutions. History 2022 was the Thirtieth Anniversary of the Foundation's evolution to a grant making organization. Its origins trace back to the 1949 opening of Doctors' Hospital in Coral Gables. The hospital and its legacy of service to local community is the genesis of today's Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation. The group of local physicians which founded the hospital, honored their departed colleague by naming the Foundation after him when purchasing Doctors' Hospital, making it a non-profit institution, laying the groundwork for enduring medical care in the community over these many years. With the sale of the hospital in 1992, the Foundation was restructured and began funding and investing in the health care and medical needs of the local community. Starting as a grant-making institution with an initial fund balance of $13.5 million from the sale of the hospital, the Foundation's fund balance has grown appreciably over the last 33 years. Learn More Meeting Today's Needs and Tomorrow's Medical Advances From the start, the Foundation's Board of Directors wanted the Foundation to service the immediate needs of the community, from children to adults. Founded as a grassroots organization, its largesse was to serve the grassroots needs. Over the course of these years, some 627 grants and scholarships have been awarded to over three hundred community-based organizations, making an impact on a personal and local level. In addition to these community grants and scholarships, the Foundation undertook three signature initiatives in conjunction with the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine: the School Health Initiative, the Department of Human Genetics, and the Biomedical Nanotechnology Institute. Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation SCHOOL HEALTH INITIATIVE of the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine Learn More Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation BIOMEDICAL NANOTECHNOLOGY INSTITUTE of the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine Learn More Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN GENETICS of the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine Learn More COMMUNITY GRANTS and MEDICAL SCHOLARSHIPS Funding for local community-based organizations and medical and nursing scholarships are vitally important and remain a priority for funding. The Foundation realizes the potential in individuals, smaller initiatives that are key to promoting sustainable transformation in the populations we serve. Scholarships are provided to students at Barry University College of Nursing &amp; Health Sciences, Florida International University Nicole Wertheim College of Nursing &amp; Health Sciences, Miami Dade College Benjamin Leon School of Nursing, Saint Thomas University College of Nursing, the University of Miami School of Nursing and Health Sciences and the University of Miami Leonard Miller School of Medicine. Learn More Copyright © 2026 Dr. John T. Macdonald Foundation | Site by: Larry Jacob Internet Marketing 
