URL: https://educationfoundationpbc.org/Scholarships/
ORG: Education Foundation of Palm Beach County
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scholarships - Education Foundation Of Palm Beach County Skip to content WHO WE ARE Mission/History Board of Directors Our Team Non-Discriminatory Policy Documents and Records WHAT WE DO Red Apple Supplies Programs Matching Grant Programs Foundation Supported Programs Fiscal Agent Accounts Grants Now Accepting GoTeach! Classroom Grant Applications Scholarships Community Collaboration Digital Inclusion Initiative Testimonials Capital Campaign Progress Updates Giving Opportunities Campaign Leadership Opening Ceremony EVENTS &#038; NEWS Signature Events Photos and Highlights Media Coverage Press Releases GET INVOLVED Ways to Support Volunteer Kits for Classrooms Champions of Education DONATE Back-to-School Initiative Supply Drive Young Professionals Give Monthly Birdies for Charity WHO WE ARE Mission/History Board of Directors Our Team Non-Discriminatory Policy Documents and Records WHAT WE DO Red Apple Supplies Programs Matching Grant Programs Foundation Supported Programs Fiscal Agent Accounts Grants Now Accepting GoTeach! Classroom Grant Applications Scholarships Community Collaboration Digital Inclusion Initiative Testimonials Capital Campaign Progress Updates Giving Opportunities Campaign Leadership Opening Ceremony EVENTS &#038; NEWS Signature Events Photos and Highlights Media Coverage Press Releases GET INVOLVED Ways to Support Volunteer Kits for Classrooms Champions of Education DONATE Back-to-School Initiative Supply Drive Young Professionals Give Monthly Birdies for Charity Scholarships Winners Scholarship Fund The Education Foundation of Palm Beach County is proud to support students through the Winners Scholarship Program. The Winners Scholarship Fund is designed to inspire students from the second through fifth grade to continue their education after high school graduation and show families that higher education is a viable option for their children. This program was established by Jan Winkler and Hermine Drezner at Jupiter Elementary School. If you’re interested in investing in a child’s future by funding a scholarship opportunity, Please contact our office today at 561-340-3501 or Info@EducationFoundationPBC.org . How Do Students Qualify The student must be in grades three through five and will be assessed based upon: Academic Initiative Attendance Financial Need Parental Involvement Student Checklist: Have good behavior? Complete all my classroom assignments? Complete all of my homework? Help other students? Try my best? Come to school regularly and on time? Return paperwork to my teacher on time? How is the Scholarship Awarded If your child receives a Winners Scholarship, the money will be held in a special account through the Education Foundation of Palm Beach County, Inc. Upon entry into college, please contact the Education Foundation and a check for $1,000 (plus any accrued interest) will be available for use at an approved college or vocational program. The scholarship must be used before the student’s 21st birthday. How Do I Redeem the Scholarship Please contact Sam Pasley at Info@EducationFoundationPBC.org or 561-340-3501 to have the scholarship activated at the student’s approved college/university/vocational school. Congratulations to the Recipients of the Winners Scholarship! Grand Canyon University Scholarship Opportunity Grand Canyon University – 10% Tuition Scholarship for Education Foundation Partners We’re proud to partner with Grand Canyon University (GCU) —one of our valued Champions of Education ! Through this partnership, employees and members of the Education Foundation of Palm Beach County community can receive a 10% tuition scholarship toward eligible degree and certificate programs at GCU. Scholarship Details Available for non-nursing bachelor’s, master’s, or doctoral degree programs, certificates, and single courses Offered through online or evening-campus programs 10% tuition scholarship applied directly to each course Must maintain continuous enrollment (no breaks greater than 14 days unless an approved leave of absence is granted) Cannot be combined with other GCU scholarships or awards Scholarship applies to tuition only How to Apply Complete your GCU application for admission. Attach a copy of the Educational Alliance Participant (EAP) Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) . Verify eligibility: Employees : attach a paystub (with sensitive info blacked out). Members : attach proof of membership. Visit the official GCU Academic Policies page for more information: www.gcu.edu/academics/academic-policies.php Learn More STAY CONNECTED Email Sign Up FOLLOW US Facebook Instagram Twitter Linkedin Mail-bulk 4 Consecutive Years!!! EDUCATION FOUNDATION OF PALM BEACH COUNTY AND RED APPLE SUPPLIES 1515 Barton Road Lake Worth Beach, FL 33460 561-340-3501 © 2023 Education Foundation of Palm Beach County, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Staff Login WHO WE ARE Mission/History Board of Directors Our Team Non-Discriminatory Policy Documents and Records WHAT WE DO Red Apple Supplies Programs Matching Grant Programs Foundation Supported Programs Fiscal Agent Accounts Grants Now Accepting GoTeach! Classroom Grant Applications Scholarships Community Collaboration Digital Inclusion Initiative Testimonials Capital Campaign Progress Updates Giving Opportunities Campaign Leadership Opening Ceremony EVENTS &#038; NEWS Signature Events Photos and Highlights Media Coverage Press Releases GET INVOLVED Ways to Support Volunteer Kits for Classrooms Champions of Education DONATE Back-to-School Initiative Supply Drive Young Professionals Give Monthly Birdies for Charity 
