URL: https://leaptampabay.org/scholarships/
ORG: LEAP Tampa Bay College Access Network
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Financial Aid &amp; Scholarships | College Access | LEAP Tampa Bay and tags on every page of your site. --> Skip to content Main Menu About What We Do Impact Network Partners Leadership Success Stories Careers I AM A High School Student Adult Learner Caring Adult Veteran LEAP Partner Get Involved How You Can Help Individuals Businesses Events Join Complete Tampa Bay Make a Donation News Contact Resources College And Career Centers Financial Aid FAFSA Scholarships Volunteer Opportunities Resource Library Search Flyout Menu Main Menu About What We Do Impact Network Partners Leadership Success Stories Careers I AM A High School Student Adult Learner Caring Adult Veteran LEAP Partner Get Involved How You Can Help Individuals Businesses Events Join Complete Tampa Bay Make a Donation News Contact Resources College And Career Centers Financial Aid FAFSA Scholarships Volunteer Opportunities Resource Library (813) 609-4866 Facebook-f Twitter Youtube HOW WE HELP Scholarships For many people, cost is the biggest barrier to pursuing an education beyond high school. But, we have good news! Grants, work-study, and scholarships are available to help you. At LEAP, we encourage students to look into all options to pay for college before considering a loan to keep long-term debt low. There are endless scholarship opportunities available, if you know where to look. Below, we’ve rounded up local resources, along with some of the largest national scholarship search tools, to help you find the money you need for college. For many people, cost is the biggest barrier to pursuing an education beyond high school. But, we have good news! Grants, work-study, and scholarships are available to help you. At LEAP, we encourage students to look into all options to pay for college before considering a loan to keep long-term debt low. There are endless scholarship opportunities available, if you know where to look. Below, we’ve rounded up local resources, along with some of the largest national scholarship search tools, to help you find the money you need for college. Scholarships There are endless scholarship opportunities available, if you know where to look. Below, we’ve rounded up local resources, along with some of the largest national scholarship search tools, to help you find the money you need for college. Featured Florida Scholarship Bright Futures Scholarship Program Florida’s flagship scholarship, covering a large portion of tuition at state colleges and universities. Awards are based on GPA, coursework, test scores, and service/work hours. Apply by: August 31 after high school graduation (via the Florida Financial Aid Application, FFAA ). Learn More: See details on our Financial Aid Page Scholarships from LEAP Partner Organizations Many of LEAP’s local partners offer scholarships that are focused on Tampa Bay students going to school. Community Foundation Tampa Bay &#8211; multiple donor-funded scholarships for high school seniors and adult learners. Hillsborough Education Foundation – scholarships for Hillsborough County students Pinellas Education Foundation – scholarships for Pinellas County students. St. Petersburg College &amp; Hillsborough College – institutional scholarships awarded after FAFSA completion. University of South Florida &amp; University of Tampa – merit-based and need-based awards for admitted students. Apply Tampa Bay Scholarship Search Not sure where to start? Use the Apply Tampa Bay scholarship database to explore local scholarships tailored to your background, career interests, or field of study. National Scholarship Databases Local scholarships are a great start, but you don’t have to stop there — thousands of national scholarships are available to students across the country. By using trusted search engines, you can discover awards that match your academic interests, career goals, and personal story. These tools open the door to opportunities you might not find through local programs alone. BigFuture by College Board A nationwide database with thousands of scholarships and internships. Students can filter by GPA, test scores, major, and background to build a personalized list. Search BigFuture Scholarships Kaleidoscope A platform that partners with foundations and organizations to host scholarships, fellowships, and grants. With one profile, you can apply to multiple awards — making it simpler to stay organized. Explore Kaleidoscope Opportunities Please Contact [email&#160;protected] ! We would love to hear from you. OUR OFFICE 4300 W. Cypress Street, Suite 700 Tampa, FL 33607 Get Directions (813) 609-4866 Hours Monday &#8211; Friday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm Facebook-f Twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin Sign up for our newsletter &quot; * &quot; indicates required fields Name * Email * Consent * I agree to the privacy policy . * CAPTCHA © Copyright 2026 LEAP. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Sitemap an eNox Media Website We use cookies for analytics and to improve your experience. By continuing, you agree to our use of cookies. See our Privacy Policy for details. Main Menu About What We Do Impact Network Partners Leadership Success Stories Careers I AM A High School Student Adult Learner Caring Adult Veteran LEAP Partner Get Involved How You Can Help Individuals Businesses Events Join Complete Tampa Bay Make a Donation News Contact Resources College And Career Centers Financial Aid FAFSA Scholarships Volunteer Opportunities Resource Library (813) 609-4866 Facebook-f Twitter Youtube 
