URL: https://www.browardcollegefoundation.org
ORG: Broward College Foundation Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Broward College Foundation &amp; Office of Advancement Broward College Foundation &amp; Office of Advancement Menu Who We Are About Broward College Foundation Board of Directors Board Meeting Schedule Alumni &#038; Friends Advancement Staff Upcoming Events Close Why Give Empowerment Fund American Dream Donor Heroes Donor/Alumni/Student Videos “Inspiring Lives” Stories Broward College Memorial Endowed Scholarship Close How To Give Make an Online Donation Give a Cash Gift Double the Impact of Your Gift Establish a Named Scholarship Create an Endowment Give a Stock Gift Charitable Gift Annuity Give a Real Estate/In-Kind Donation Gift Planned Giving Faculty &#038; Staff Giving Monthly Giving Matching Gifts Memorial Tribute and Honor Gifts Close Give Now MENU Who We Are Why Give How to Give Give Now Foundation Alumni & Friends Network Upcoming Events Who We Are About Broward College Foundation Board of Directors Board Meeting Schedule Alumni & Friends Network Upcoming Events Why Give American Dream Scholarship Points of Pride Donor/Alumni/Student Videos "Inspiring Lives" Stories How to Give Make an Online Donation Give a Cash Gift Double the Impact of Your Gift Establish a Named Scholarship Create an Endowment Give a Stock Gift Give a Real Estate/In-Kind Donation Gift Planned Giving Faculty & Staff Giving View Policies & Procedures Board of Directors Board Meeting Schedule Policies & Procedures Donation Forms Alumni & Friends Network Keep in Touch With Us Hall of Distinction Network Benefits Broward College Foundation and Broward College Alumni &amp; Friends Network Empowered By BROWARD BROWARD Creating Opportunities for Student Success Explore how we can strengthen our community together through our academic pathways. LEARN MORE Life should be better and richer and fuller for everyone, with opportunity for each according to ability or achievement regardless of social class or circumstances of birth. - James Truslow Adams OUR FUNDING GOES FURTHER Hear from incredible individuals and organizations whose donations have helped students achieve their dreams. WHY GIVE? Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Dr. Mercedes Quiroga x Dr. Mercedes Quiroga Donor “I truly believe in the mission of the community college. We are able to open our doors and let every single individual with a high school degree come in and transform their lives; and that to me is so powerful.” Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Lloyd Rhodes x Lloyd Rhodes Donor “Because of Broward College I can say that I feel that my efforts in the community have made a difference.” Your browser does not support HTML5 video. John Giordano x John Giordano Donor "We’ve used the scholarship already for several years since it was instituted and I know it has helped specifically some of our athletes that have used it. It’s helped them get extra books, or to get some food allowance, or some things that they just didn’t have enough money coming from home to use.” Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Dr. David Shulman x Dr. David Shulman Donor “Giving to Broward College is really giving not only to the college but it’s giving right back to yourself in terms of the impact that those dollars have in helping students to be successful and by them being successful to help our community be the wonderful place that it is and the even better place that it could be in the future.” EVERY STUDENT HAS A STORY Our students' reasons to achieve and succeed are as distinct as they are. Learn more about what is behind their American Dream. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Yanelle Cruz x Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Valerie Johnson x Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Stefan Dacosta x Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Lisa Reynolds x Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Jared Herbstman x Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Jamahl Cochran x Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Alex Corso x Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Altenie Joseph x In the News Broward College Receives Major Gift of Jet Engines May 4, 2026 READ MORE NEWS EVENTS 39th Annual Broward College Golf Classic 20270426 - 7:00 AM - 5:00 PM Fort Lauderdale Country Club 415 E. Country Club Circle Plantation, FL 33317 Don’t miss the opportunity to support the First Generation in College Scholarship. This scholarship assists students who demonstrate financial need and are the first in their immediate families to attend college. SEE MORE UPCOMING EVENTS Who We Are Who We Are Your Partner Why Give Why Give It Matters How to Give How to Give It's Easy GIVE NOW CONNECT WITH US Facebook twitter linkedin youtube Instagram Who We Are Alumni &#038; Friends Foundation Events Documents Contact Us Broward College Foundation 111 East Las Olas Blvd, 11th Floor Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Phone: 954-201-7414 Fax: 954-201-7333 foundation@broward.edu &copy; 2026 Broward College Office of Advancement, Broward College Foundation and Broward College Alumni & Friends Network 
