URL: https://www.charleslafitte.org
ORG: Charles Lafitte Foundation
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Charles Lafitte Foundation You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. Charles Lafitte Foundation Programs Overview Education Children’s Advocacy Medical Research The Arts Impact News More About Leadership Events Toggle navigation Search for: Proudly Supporting Jack Nicklaus' "The Jake" The Top Fundraiser for the Nicklaus Children's Health Care Foundation. LEARN MORE First Tee Receives $1 Million gift from CLF Donation will help First Tee continue its mission Learn More A new $5 million gift to Duke University To elevate excellence in the sciences Learn More Anti-Bullying Event with the Harlem Globetrotters Learn More previous next The Charles Lafitte Foundation is the familyfoundation for Jeffrey and Suzanne Citron. Since 1999, CLF has given to more than 300 organizations and granted more than $25 million in support. The Citron family believes in the power of the individual and how one person can inspire a group and then a community to realize even greater goals. CLF supports innovative and effective ways of helping people help themselves and others around them to achieve healthy, satisfying and enriched lives. Learn More EDUCATION PROGRAM CHILDREN’S ADVOCACY The Arts Program MEDICAL RESEARCH & INITIATIVES > Impact Story George Steffey: A Remarkable Athlete with a Determined Future READ MORE Stay in touch &amp; sign up for our newsletter. Leave this field empty if you&#039;re human: Grant Information The Charles Lafitte Foundation prefers underwriting specific projects with distinct goals, and targets grants that will have a notable impact and make a material difference. FIND OUT MORE Recent Posts View All General Interest CLF Supports Nicklaus Children Health Care Foundation Top Fundraising Event, The Jake General Interest First Tee Receives $1 Million gift from Charles Lafitte Foundation General Interest A new $5 million gift to Duke University Back to top Helpful Links About Leadership Contact News Connect Connect with Charles Lafitte Foundation on Instagram Connect with Charles Lafitte Foundation on Facebook Connect with Charles Lafitte Foundation on LinkedIn Charles Lafitte Foundation The Charles Lafitte Foundation (CLF) supports innovative and effective ways of helping people help themselves and others around them to achieve healthy, satisfying and enriched lives. The Foundation supports organizations working in four main areas: education, children’s advocacy, medical research & issues, and the arts. &copy;2026 Charles Lafitte Foundation Privacy Policy 
