URL: https://www.floridastudentfinancialaidsg.org/pdf/nm4c_brochure.pdf
ORG: Florida College Access Network - Florida Department of Education Office of Student Financial Assistance
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 2025-26 MONEY FOR COLLEGE Florida Scholarships & Grants Florida Department of Education Office of Student Financial Assistance MONEY FOR COLLEGE The Florida Department of Education (FDOE), Office of Student Financial Assistance (OSFA), offers a variety of student financial aid. Applying is easy! Seniors submit a Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) beginning October 1 of their senior year of high school or no later than August 31. Apply • Go to www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org, • Select Create a Student Account to complete your profile, then • Proceed with the completion of your FFAA. • Check your personal email box for the application acknowledgement (within 24 hours of submission). Thereafter, all communications will be posted and viewable on your Financial Aid Recipient History (FARH) screen. Instructions and the User ID and Password for access will be in the acknowledgement. After You Apply Correspondence may be viewed on the FARH under SECTION VII: Correspondence History. • Keep your information, including email address changes, up to date on the FARH. We cannot notify you of scholarship or grant updates if we cannot contact you! • View your FARH regularly and be sure to update your institution for award funding. • KNOW IT! User ID & Password • USE IT! • BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR STATE FINANCIAL AID State: • State Scholarship and Grant Programs: www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org Additional Financial Aid Sources Federal: • Free Application for Federal Student Aid: https://studentaid.gov/fafsa of Information • Federal Student Aid Information Center: 800-433-3243 • U.S. Department of Education Portal for Student Aid: https://studentaid.gov/ Pay attention to individual program application and certification deadlines. If you have questions about scholarships and grant programs, call OSFA Customer Service at 888-827-2004. SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org Merit-based scholarship for high school graduates who: • Achieved the National Merit® Scholar designation. Benacquisto • Enroll full-time (a minimum of 12 credits hours per term or quarter Scholarship Program equivalency) in a baccalaureate degree program at an eligible Florida postsecondary institution. • Enroll in the fall academic term following high school graduation. Florida’s largest merit-based scholarship which is based on high school academic achievement. Students must: • Submit a completed, error-free, Florida Financial Aid Application Florida Bright Futures (FFAA) starting October 1 and no later than August 31. Scholarship Program • Meet academic criteria, GPA, minimum test scores, required volunteer service, paid work hours, or combination of both. • Mid-Year graduates seeking spring term funding must complete the FFAA by December 31 of their senior year of high school. Provides farmworkers or children of farmworkers (as defined in section 420.503, Florida Statutes) an award to cover 100 percent of tuition and specified fees at a public Florida postsecondary institution. Students must: • Complete an error-free Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) by the April 1 deadline. Florida Farmworker • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal Student Aid Student Scholarship (FAFSA) in time to be processed by the U.S. Department of Education Program by the May 15 deadline. • Earn a minimum weighted cumulative GPA of 3.5 for all high school courses toward a diploma. • Complete a minimum of 30 volunteer service or paid work hours. • Achieve a minimum 90 percent attendance rate and have no disciplinary action brought against him or her, as documented on the student’s high school transcript. • Enroll in an undergraduate degree or certificate program for a minimum of 12 credit hours per term, or the equivalent, at an eligible Florida institution. MONEY FOR COLLEGE 3 SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org Provides scholarship funding for eligible law enforcement officer, emergency medical technicians, paramedics, and firefighter trainees. Florida First Responder Students must: Student Scholarship • Be enrolled in an approved training program at a Florida College Program System institution or school district technical center. • Check with the postsecondary institution for participation and application deadline information. Provides scholarship assistance to undergraduate students who: • Meet academic requirements. Mary McLeod Bethune • Demonstrate financial need. Scholarship Program • Attend Bethune-Cookman University, Edward Waters University, Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University, or Florida Memorial University • Students must check with the postsecondary institution for participation and application deadline information. MONEY FOR COLLEGE 4 SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org Provides scholarship assistance to descendants of victims of the Ocoee Election Day Riots of November 1920, or current African American residents of Ocoee, Florida to attend full time at eligible Florida postsecondary institutions. • Complete an error-free Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) and Randolph Bracy Ocoee provide supporting documentation by the April 1 deadline. Scholarship Program • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) in time to be processed by the U.S. Department of Education by the May 15 deadline. • Eligible students must attend a state university, Historically Black College or University (HBCU), a Florida College System institution, or public postsecondary technical center in Florida. Provides scholarship assistance to descendants of Rosewood families affected by the incidents of January 1923 to attend full time at eligible public Florida postsecondary institutions. Rosewood Family • Complete an error-free Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) and Scholarship Program provide supporting documentation by the April 1 deadline. • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) in time to be processed by the U.S. Department of Education by the May 15 deadline. Provides scholarship assistance for dependent children and spouses of Florida veterans who: • Died as a result of service-connected injuries, diseases, or disabilities sustained while on active duty, or • Have been verified by the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs as Scholarships for having service-connected 100% total and permanent disabilities, or Children and Spouses • Have been classified as a prisoner of war or missing in action by the of Deceased or Armed Forces of the United States or as a civilian personnel captured Disabled Veterans while serving with the consent and authorization of the United States Government during wartime service. • Complete an error-free Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) and provide supporting documentation by the April 1 deadline. The Florida Department of Veterans Affairs will certify a veteran’s eligibility. MONEY FOR COLLEGE 5 GRANT PROGRAMS www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org Provides tuition assistance to full-time Florida undergraduate students who attend eligible private Florida colleges or universities. Effective Access to Student Education • Students must check with the postsecondary institution they plan to attend for participation and application deadline information. Provides grant funding to Florida resident, undergraduate students enrolled at state universities or Florida College System institutions First Generation who demonstrate financial need, and whose parents have not earned Matching Grant baccalaureate degrees. Students must: Program • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal student Aid (FAFSA) by the deadline specified by the participating postsecondary institutions (https://studentaid.gov/fafsa). • Check with the postsecondary institution they plan to attend for participation and application deadline information. Provides assistance to eligible Florida residents who demonstrate financial need and enroll in certificate programs of 450 or more clock hours or 15 semester hours at participating Florida College System institutions or career centers operated by district school boards. Florida Public Student must: Postsecondary Career • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal student Aid Education Student (FAFSA) by the deadline specified by the participating Assistance Grant postsecondary institutions (https://studentaid.gov/fafsa). • Check with the postsecondary institution they plan to attend for participation and application deadline information. MONEY FOR COLLEGE 6 GRANT PROGRAMS www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org Florida’s largest need-based grant program that provides assistance to degree-seeking, resident, undergraduate students who: • Demonstrate financial need. Florida Student • Are enrolled in eligible public or private postsecondary institutions. Assistance Grant • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) by the deadline specified by the participating postsecondary institutions (https://studentaid.gov/fafsa). • Check with the postsecondary institution they plan to attend for participation and application deadline information. Provides eligible Florida residents, undergraduate students the opportunity to secure work experiences that complement and reinforce their educational programs and career goals. Students must: Florida Work • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal Student Aid Experience Program (FAFSA) by the deadline specified by the participating postsecondary institutions (https://studentaid.gov/fafsa). • Students must check with the postsecondary institution they plan to attend for information on participating employers and institutional application deadline. Provides assistance to Florida residents, current and future workers, to enroll in career and technical education programs that lead to a credential, certificate, or degree at a school district postsecondary technical career center, a Florida College System institution, or a charter Open Door technical career center. Grant Program • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) by the deadline specified by the participating postsecondary institutions (https://studentaid.gov/fafsa). • Students must meet the application procedures established by the participating institution. MONEY FOR COLLEGE 7 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org Provides a need-based veteran educational benefit to assist in the payment of living expenses during holiday and semester breaks for active duty and honorably discharged members of the Armed Forces Honorably Discharged who served on or after September 11, 2001. Students must: Graduate Assistance • Complete an error-free Free Application for Federal Student Aid Program (FAFSA) by the deadline specified by the participating postsecondary institutions (https://studentaid.gov/fafsa). • Be a Florida resident enrolled in a program of study and have sufficient unmet need. For detailed state scholarship and grant program information, visit www.FloridaStudentFinancialAidsg.org. Availability of these programs is subject to annual review, evaluation and legislative funding. For questions or assistance, call OSFA Customer Service at 888-827-2004. MONEY FOR COLLEGE 8
