URL: https://educationfoundation.com/resource/senior-scholarships/
ORG: Hillsborough Education Foundation
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Senior Scholarships - Hillsborough Education Foundation Skip to content Open Menu Donate About Our Team Board of Directors Annual Reports + Financials Get Involved Events News Students Teachers Schools Contact Donate About Our Mission Our Team Board of Directors Annual Reports + Financials Careers Contact Students Apply for Our Take Stock in Children Program Senior Scholarships Transforming Early Literacy Initiative College and Career Readiness Tech Connect Take Stock in Children of Hillsborough County: Current Students Take Stock in Children of Hillsborough County: Alumni Teachers Teaching Tools Resource Center Classroom Grants Information &amp; Application Excellence in Education Awards STEAM Lending Library Schools CEOs in Schools Community Partnerships Parent and Family Engagement Advocacy Get Involved Ways to Donate Give Monthly Leave a Legacy Donate School Supplies Volunteer Mentor a Student Support a Teacher’s Classroom HCPS Employee Giving Events News Senior Scholarships Unlock Your Future With Senior Scholarships Are you a senior high school student in Hillsborough County with big dreams of attending a university, community college, or technical school? Hillsborough Education Foundation is here to help make those dreams a reality! We offer a wide range of scholarships, from $500 to $20,000 , designed to support students like you on your educational journey. In 2026 alone, we awarded over $1.3 million in scholarships! Our scholarships consider various criteria, including: Field of study GPA ACT score SAT score Financial need Challenges overcome Community service Extracurricular activities Each scholarship is unique, offering opportunities that cater to students from all walks of life. This ensures that every student has the chance to find one that fits their needs. Faith Ambaye (middle), recipient of the Alex Anston &#8220;Hooked on Education&#8221; Memorial Scholarship, with her mother (left) and HEF&#8217;s Angie Anthony (right). scholarships application portal The scholarship application will open on October 1, 2026. &#8220;This opportunity not only alleviates the financial burden on my family but also brings us immense pride and joy. Attending USF has been a lifelong dream, and your generous support has made it a reality. &#8220; – Matthew Major, Student (pictured left) FAQs How many scholarships are available through the Hillsborough Education Foundation? Over 100 named scholarships are available. Do I need to complete a general application? Yes. By completing one general application, the system will match you with the scholarships you may qualify for. You may then be prompted to complete a few additional short-answer questions for specific opportunities. When does the application open? October 1st. What is the application deadline? January 31st. Do I have to provide my social security number? Not typically. However, if your scholarship is for a Florida Prepaid Plan, a social security number must be provided for the plan to be issued. Who is eligible to apply for HEF scholarships? High school seniors residing in and attending school in Hillsborough County. Do I have to live in Hillsborough County? Yes. Are there scholarships for students attending technical colleges or trade schools? Yes. There are several scholarships available for seniors planning to attend technical colleges or trade schools after graduation. Do I need to demonstrate financial need to qualify? No. About half of our scholarships are based on financial need while the other half are awarded based on merit or other qualifications. What materials do I need to submit? If eligible for financial need you’ll be required to upload documentation that demonstrates eligibility for one of the following: &#8211; Free/Reduced Lunch &#8211; Medicaid &#8211; SNAP &#8211; TANF &#8211; Housing Assistance &#8211; WIC How many letters of recommendation are required? Most of the scholarships do not require letters of recommendation, however there are a few that do. You would only be asked to upload letters of recommendation for scholarships you qualify for. What should I include in my essay? Most importantly, you should make sure your essay thoroughly answers the question being asked. Can I edit my application after submitting it? Yes. You can edit it through January 31st; after that date you cannot make any changes to your application. How are application reviewed? A minimum of three reviewers evaluate each scholarship application utilizing a standardized scoring rubric; they include donors and community volunteers. When will I be notified if I’m selected? Scholarship notifications are sent via email in April. What will I need to do after being awarded? To claim your scholarship funds you’ll need to submit an enrollment verification document, college ID, and a thank you letter written to your donor. You can claim your funds by clicking HERE . How are scholarship funds paid? A check will be sent directly to the school and they will apply it to the student’s account. What can the scholarship be used for? Most scholarship funds may be used for approved educational expenses such as tuition, books, fees, housing, and meal plans. Some awards have specific restrictions (such as tuition-only or books-only), which are clearly outlined in each scholarship’s description. Have questions? Please contact: Angie Anthony Director of Scholarships and Grant Programs Hillsborough Education Foundation 813-574-0273 aanthony@educationfoundation.com Now&#8217;s the time to GET INVOLVED LEARN MORE Stay ConnectED with us. Email Contact Us 2306 N. Howard Ave. Tampa, FL 33607 (813) 574-0260 Follow Us Resources Students Teachers Schools Privacy Policy and Terms &#038; Conditions Get Involved Donate Volunteer Hillsborough Education Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Our Employer Identification Number (EIN) is 59-2883361. © 2026 Hillsborough Education Foundation Leverage 
