URL: https://jlpb.org
ORG: Junior League Of The Palm Beaches Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Junior League of the Palm Beaches Menu --> Search --> Join Donate Members Search for: JL Palm Beaches Skip to content Close Menu --> About Us President’s Note Our Leadership Board of Directors Management Team Committee Chairs Sustainers Community Advisory Council Strategic Plan Annual Report AJLI Our History 1940’s 1950’s 1960’s 1970’s 1980’s 1990’s 2000’s to Present Past Presidents Contact Us Careers Community Impact Community Programs Little Libraries The Alliance for Period Supplies at the Junior League of the Palm Beaches Day of Impact Done in A Day (DIAD) Eye and Ear Alert Previous Community Projects Community Partners Community Assistance Grant Request Support Scholarships Advocacy Our Events DJ Chief and Music Trivia 2026 Boos &#038; Brews Past Events 2026 – 2027 Slate Brunch 2026 The May Dinner &#038; Dance 2026 International Women’s Day Panel Discussion 2025 ‘Tis the Season 2025 Party Under the Palms Support Us League Sponsors 2025 – 2026 Annual Fund Fundraisers Sponsorship Opportunities Make a Donation Membership Become a Member Member Commitments Transferring into JLPB Training Media Media Coverage May Journal Previous Undercurrents JLPB News Prospective Member Applications Open September 1 Are you passionate about making a difference in your community? Looking to develop leadership skills and connect with like-minded women in Palm Beach County? The Junior League of the Palm Beaches (JLPB) invites you to be part of a dynamic network of women driving meaningful change through volunteerism, leadership development, and community impact. Membership Applications for [&hellip;] Support Us There are many ways to support the Junior League of the Palm Beaches: donate, attend a fundraising event, become a&hellip; About Us The Junior League of the Palm Beaches is an organization of women committed to promoting voluntarism, developing the potential of&hellip; Learn About Our Community Programs The Junior League of the Palm Beaches is dedicated to bettering communities through the effective action and leadership of trained&hellip; Sep 01 Prospective Member Applications Open September 1 Mission Statement The Junior League of the Palm Beaches is an organization of women whose mission is to advance women&#8217;s leadership for meaningful community impact through volunteer action, collaboration, and training. Its purpose is exclusively educational and charitable. Junior League of the Palm Beaches, Inc. 470 Columbia Drive, Bldg. F West Palm Beach, FL 33409 Ph: 561.689.7590 Contact Us Copyright &copy; 2010, 2026 JL Palm Beaches Privacy Statement | Shipping &amp; Return Policy | Login By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this. Close 
