URL: https://www.cftampabay.org/student-scholarships
ORG: LEAP Tampa Bay College Access Network - Community Foundation Tampa Bay
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Student Scholarships By clicking “Accept All Cookies” , you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Preferences Deny Accept Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all cookies Allow all cookies Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close Grants Portal Fundholder Login Search Our Work Our Impact Initiatives Donors Professional Advisors Nonprofits Grants Students Customized Giving Solutions Donor Advised Funds Family Foundations Endowments Scholarships Planned Giving Corporate Philanthropy Critical Needs List Give Now About Board &amp; Staff Financials News Media Contact Our Work Our Impact Initiatives Donors Professional Advisors Nonprofits Grants Students Customized Giving Solutions Donor Advised Funds Family Foundations Endowments Scholarships Planned Giving Corporate Philanthropy Critical Needs List Give Now About Board &amp; Staff Financials News Media Contact Grants Portal Fundholder Login Search Grants Portal Fundholder Login Search Contact Tampa: 813-282-1975 St. Petersburg: 727-777-5858 info@cftampabay.org Facebook icon Instagram icon LinkedIn icon YouTube icon Board Login Councils Login Contact Tampa: 813-282-1975 St. Petersburg: 727-777-5858 info@cftampabay.org Facebook icon Instagram icon LinkedIn icon YouTube icon Board Login Councils Login Custom Giving Solutions Scholarships Scholarships at Community Foundation Tampa Bay are designed to meet students’ needs and goals, and reflect your own values or interests. This personalized approach ensures that your scholarship aligns with your unique vision while making a meaningful impact on students&#x27; educational journeys. The Community Foundation collaborates with fundholders, community organizations, businesses, and other foundations to offer these scholarships. The awards support students with diverse goals, backgrounds, and characteristics. Whether recipients are high school seniors preparing for graduation or individuals currently enrolled in a college, university, or technical school, our scholarships are aimed at helping them achieve their educational aspirations. Custom Giving Solutions Scholarships Scholarships at Community Foundation Tampa Bay are designed to meet students’ needs and goals, and reflect your own values or interests. This personalized approach ensures that your scholarship aligns with your unique vision while making a meaningful impact on students&#x27; educational journeys. The Community Foundation collaborates with fundholders, community organizations, businesses, and other foundations to offer these scholarships. The awards support students with diverse goals, backgrounds, and characteristics. Whether recipients are high school seniors preparing for graduation or individuals currently enrolled in a college, university, or technical school, our scholarships are aimed at helping them achieve their educational aspirations. Students Student Scholarships Community Foundation Tampa Bay offers a variety of scholarships as a reflection of our commitment to empowering students. These scholarships are thoughtfully established by our fundholders to further family legacies and honor the memory of loved ones, ensuring their impact lasts for generations. Whether you&#x27;re just beginning school or investing in continued education, these scholarships are designed to support the diverse educational goals of students from the Tampa Bay area and beyond. Apply for Scholarships Through the Community Foundation Community Foundation Tampa Bay Common Scholarship Application Apply with a single application through the Community Foundation Tampa Bay Common Scholarship for access to 25+ scholarship opportunities. Eligible applicants include high school seniors, college students, and those returning to school. Scholarships support various educational paths, including certifications, technical programs, and degrees. Most awards are for students from Hillsborough, Pinellas, Pasco, Hernando, and Citrus counties. Applicants may apply once per year during the application window. Application Opens: December 1, 2025 Application Deadline: February 3, 2026 Application Currently Closed Discover More Scholarship Opportunities in the Tampa Bay Area Search Local Scholarships and Find Your Match with Apply Tampa Bay Simplify your scholarship search with a trusted platform that connects Tampa Bay students, families, and providers to local, state, and national opportunities. Use personalized filters to find scholarships for students from Hillsborough, Pinellas, Pasco, Hernando, Citrus, Polk, Manatee, and Sarasota counties. Search for Scholarships Scholarships Shape the Future Learn more about starting a scholarship and volunteering on the review committee . Get Started Lindsey Tindall, MA Senior Director, Community Investments Tampa Office: 813-282-1975 4300 W. Cypress Street Suite 700 Tampa, FL 33607 ‍ info@cftampabay.org Pinellas Office: 727-777-5858 ‍ 110 Central Avenue ‍ St. Petersburg, FL 33701 News Brand Toolkit Board Portal Councils Portal Join our newsletter to stay up to date on features and releases. Subscribe Community Foundation Tampa Bay © 2025 | All Rights Reserved COMMUNITY FOUNDATION TAMPA BAY IS A PUBLIC CHARITY RECOGNIZED AS A TAX EXEMPT ORGANIZATION BY THE IRS UNDER SECTION 501(C)(3). COMMUNITY FOUNDATION TAMPA BAY MEETS ALL REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIED BY THE FLORIDA SOLICITATION OF CONTRIBUTIONS ACT. A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE (800-435-7352) WITHIN THE STATE OR VIA THE INTERNET AT https://www.fdacs.gov/Divisions-Offices/Consumer-Services. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. THE FOUNDATION’S STATE REGISTRATION NUMBER IS CH793. Facebook icon Instagram icon LinkedIn icon YouTube icon EIN# 59-3001853 Privacy Policy Website design &amp; build by Pyper, Inc. Branding &amp; Marketing 
