URL: https://www.nickskidsfoundation.org
ORG: Nicks Kids Foundation Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Nick&#39;s Kids Foundation - Nick &amp; Terry Saban Helping Children Home About Shop Men's Stitch Hudson Quarter Zip Men's Stitch Wembley Quarter Zip Women's Fairway & Greene Multicolor Maxwell Sleeveless Polo Women's Peter Millar Black Full Zip Women's Peter Millar Navy Vest Women's Stitch Hudson Quarter Zip News & Events FAQ Donate Request Forms Annual Funding Request Form General Contact Form Autograph & Auction Item Request Form Event Sponsorship Form Home About Shop Women's Peter Millar Black Full Zip Men's Stitch Hudson Quarter Zip Women's Stitch Hudson Quarter Zip Women's Fairway & Greene Multicolor Maxwell Sleeveless Polo Men's Stitch Wembley Quarter Zip Women's Peter Millar Navy Vest News & Events FAQ Donate Request Forms Annual Funding Request Form General Contact Form Autograph & Auction Item Request Form Event Sponsorship Form --> --> 0 --> --> toggle menu OUR MISSION To work together in the spirit of faith and giving in our community. To promote and support children, family, teacher and student causes. It&#39;s all about the kids! OUR IMPACT Thanks to the generosity of the donors and the efforts of Nick and Terry Saban, the Nick&#39;s Kids Foundation has donated nearly $15 million dollars to deserving organizations and causes throughout the state of Alabama and Southeast since the Saban&#39;s arrived in Tuscaloosa. To date, we have honored more than 650 teachers with the Nick&rsquo;s Kids Teacher Excellence Award, and completed projects including career tech classrooms at the Tuscaloosa County Juvenile Detention Center, the Alberta School of Performing Arts playground, and the Tuscaloosa Riverwalk Playground. Additionally, through a longstanding partnership with Habitat for Humanity, they built 21 homes (18 National Championship Homes, 2 SEC Championship Homes and the Sugar House) for deserving local families. Nick&rsquo;s Kids is also a major donor of the Tuscaloosa All-Inclusive Playground, Boys &amp; Girls Club of West Alabama and Freedom Farm. The Saban&rsquo;s legacy project, the Saban Center, a project that will elevate education and combine STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) programs and the arts to provide a unique and interactive learning experience for children in west Alabama. The Saban Center will be home to the state of Alabama STEM Hub, Ignite, and the Tuscaloosa Children&rsquo;s Theatre. READ ACROSS AMERICA WEEK Join Ms. Terry Saban as she reads &quot;The Giving Tree&quot; in celebration of Read Across America Week. Watch with friends, share with your class, read-along with your children - reading is the key to success. Knowledge is power! OUR ACTIVE CAUSES The Saban Center The Saban Center is an innovative community partnership that will bring together community, STEM-centered children&#39;s organizations including the Tuscaloosa Children&#39;s Theatre and Children&#39;s Hands-On Museum (CHOM) that will enhance and become IGNITE. This is a unique public-private partnership under the roof of what is currently the Tuscaloosa News Building. Part of the City&#39;s Elevate Tuscaloosa Initiative, the Saban Center will bring STEM programs together with theater, literature, outdoor recreation, and interactive learning for children and families in Tuscaloosa. To learn more, visit SabanCenter.org Building A Future - Habitat for Humanity Home Following the 2011 tornadoes that hit Alabama, Coach Saban and Ms. Terry partnered with Habitat for Humanity. At the time, the University of Alabama program had won 13 national championships, which led to the 13 for 13 project - one home to honor each championship. As a tribute to the success of Alabama football, the Foundation has continued the tradition, building a Championship House for every additional title - now totaling 21 homes. DONATE Your donation to Nick&rsquo;s Kids Foundation will be used to further our mission to aid organizations who support children, student, teacher and family causes. Nick&rsquo;s Kids Foundation is dedicated to making a difference in the lives of children. Donate NEWS AND EVEN TS Nick&#39;s Kids Foundation hosts a variety of events throughout the year, including its annual Giveaway Luncheon, where funds are awarded to nonprofit organizations, and the Teacher Excellence Awards Luncheon, which honors selected, hardworking teachers from Tuscaloosa and West Alabama. Read News REQUEST FORMS Nick&rsquo;s Kids Foundation is dedicated to helping nonprofit organizations that support children, family, teacher and student causes. Fill out a request form if you seek support from Nick&#39;s Kids for an organization that aligns with our mission. Request Forms NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP Register to receive email updates from Nick&#39;s Kids on a yearly basis. ABOUT US As the official charity of the Saban Family, Nick and Terry invest their time in hosting luncheons, golf tournaments, scrimmages and other events to benefit the cause. They are also active in the annual Giveaway Luncheon, which serves to distribute grants to support children, family, teacher and student causes. In 1998, during their time at Michigan State University, Nick and Terry Saban established Nick&#39;s Kids Foundation in honor of the late Nick Saban, Sr. Since then, the Sabans have maintained and supported their charity throughout their careers at Louisiana State University, the Miami Dolphins and currently at the University of Alabama. OUR SOCIAL Follow Nick&#39;s Kids on Facebook &amp; Instagram to see what we are doing in the community! CONTACT US Mailing Address 1130 University Blvd Suite B9-201 Tuscaloosa, AL 35401 Phone 205-348-6610 205-348-6610 Email [email&#160;protected] Get in Touch designed and loved by: 
