URL: https://thequeallyfoundation.com
ORG: Queally Foundation Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 The Queally Foundation &#8211; Changing the future one child at a time Skip to content The Queally Foundation Changing the future one child at a time Home About Grantees and Testimonials University of Richmond / Q-Camp Catholic Academy of Bridgeport Rising Stars Youth Foundation School in the Square-Summer Camp Year Up King School Columbia Business School Hope Rural School Contact Home About Grantees and Testimonials University of Richmond / Q-Camp Catholic Academy of Bridgeport Rising Stars Youth Foundation School in the Square-Summer Camp Year Up King School Columbia Business School Hope Rural School Contact Changing the Future of One Student at a Time. the Country Dream. Big. We believe that every person has the potential to succeed in life. ABOUT US CONTACT or OUR MISSION Providing scholarships for thousands of students. The Queally Foundation seeks to promote educational opportunity for America’s most disadvantaged populations. We look to invest in future generations by providing scholarships and funding student opportunities in underprivileged areas. We believe that every person has the potential to succeed in life. We believe in the value of education, gainful employment and self-determination for all people regardless of the circumstances of their birth. At the same time, we know that many people do not have access to the opportunities and supports that enable their success. Our investments address this opportunity gap. We also know that people encounter obstacles along the way, and we aim to help them overcome those challenges. Number of Schools Number of Programs Scholarships granted Summer Programs OUR GRANTEES Hope Rural School &#8211; Summer Camp Programs , Schools Hope Rural School offers a 3 week summer program that includes breakfast and lunch. Read more School in The Square (S2) – Summer Camp Schools School in the Square (S2) is a charter K-8 elementary and middle school in Washington Heights and Inwood communities. Read more Rising Stars Youth Foundation Programs Rising Stars Youth Foundation offers scholarships which provide our kids with access to superior private high schools offering life-changing opportunities. Read more Catholic Academy of Bridgeport Schools The Catholic Academy of Bridgeport is one school with four campuses in the inner city of Bridgeport, CT. Read more Year Up Programs Year Up is a national 501(c) 3 workforce development organization committed to ensuring equitable access to economic opportunity, education, and justice for all young adults. Read more King School Schools King School is a private school located in Stamford, CT providing preschool, elementary, middle and high school education. Read more Columbia Business School Schools Columbia Business School is grateful to the Queally Foundation for its support of the School’s new home on the University’s Manhattanville Campus. Read more University of Richmond / Q-Camp Schools Q-camp, named for Paul and Anne-Marie Queally, ’86, is designed to introduce University of Richmond business students to practical, real-world exercises in professional and career skills. Read more © 2024 The Queally Foundation | Site by AKDH Go to Top 
