URL: https://miamirotary.org/sitepage/griffitts-award
ORG: Rotary Club Of Miami - Griffitts, Paul Harris and Distinguished Citizen Award
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Related Page | Rotary Club of Miami Member Login Toggle navigation Home About Membership History Service Projects Project GBI Rx Ongoing Projects Recent Projects International Projects Other Projects/Financial Support Community Service Activities 2019-2020 Calendar Scholarships and Awards Griffitts, Paul Harris and Distinguished Citizen Award History of TBM The Story of the TBM Scholar Lapel Pin TBM Information 2026-2027 TBM Letter & Checklist 2026-2027 fields TBM Application 2026-2027 TBM Final Instructions 2026-2027 IRS W-9 Form FIU HWCOM 10 Year Tribute to RCOM-TBM TBM Newsletter June 2026 Gallery Related Page Griffitts Award Welcome 2020 Awards (Griffitts, Paul Harris &amp; Distinguished Citizen Award) Griffitts Award The 2020 Griffitts Outstanding Officer of the Year of the Miami Police Department was presented to Detective Erica Socarras. Officer Socarras was selected amongst a total of twelve candidates, each had been a recipient of the Miami Police Department Officer of the Month. This was the first time a female Police Officer was selected as Outstanding Officer of the Year. Many of her police colleagues and the Chief of Police, Jorge C olina, were present. One of the Directors of our Club, Tim Ryan, also presented Detective Socarras a $1,500 check, which was part of her award. Congratulations to Officer Erica Socarras. Paul Harris Award Presented to Canine Patrol Kano This year, the Rotary Club of Miami also decided to recognize the Canine Patrol Dog, Kano, with a Paul Harris Award. The Paul Harris Award is an honorary award that recognizes achievement and the award fees related to the cost of this Award go towards the Rotary International Foundation to fund projects across the World. Kano has risked his life several times and was always helping his handler solve cases. Below is a photo of Kano, the Police Patrol Dog and another with his handler. 2020 Distinguished Citizen Award Beatrice "Bea" Hines was awarded the Distinguished Citizen Award by the Rotary Club of Miami for his illustrious career as a journalist. Ms. Hines, broke racial barriers many years ago while working at the Miami Herald. Ms. Hines has been a pillar in our Community, She is a symbol of success and an example to follow for young women and especially women of color. Congratulations! 2019 Award Presentation The Rotary Club of Miami presented the Griffitts Award to Detective John Calabrese, City of Miami Police Officer of the Year for 2019. For the last 52 years, the Rotary Club of Miami has recognized the Police Office of the Year. Mrs. Helen Witty, CEO of MADD (Mothers Against Drunk Driving) was recognized with the Distinguish Citizen Award 2019 2018 AWARD An important event every year for the Rotary Club of Miami is to present the Miami Police Department Officer of Year Award. This year (2018) the deserving recipient goes to Officer Bennett Williams. We are proud to have given this award every year since 1968, funded thanks to a donation from Dr. Jack Griffitts. The award was presented by Norm Kassoff, Past Club President. 2017 Award. On an annual basis since 1968, the Rotary Club of Miami has been awarding $1,000 to an outstanding officer of the Miami Police Department. The award was created and funded by a generous contribution from Dr. Jack Griffitts, a successful Miami physician. The Griffitts Award is presented annually in late December to the Officer of the Year of the Miami PD by the Rotary Club of Miami. The 12 candidates each year are all recipients of the Miami PD Officer of the Month award. December 2017: Lt. Lazaro Alfonso, winner of the 2017 Griffitts Award, is congratulated by Jessica Dean, Granddaughter of Dr. Jack Griffits, founder of the Griffitts Award. Also shown, President Phil Seipp. December 2016: December 2012: Congratulations to Brandon Lanier and Joaquin Perez, winners of the 2012 Griffitts Award. December 2011: The Rotary Club of Miami presented Detective Dexter McGahee with the annual Griffitts award at the Hard Rock Cafe in Bayside. The Griffitts award recognizes the City of Miami Officer of the Year. Shown here are President Elect David Anderson, Marlo McGahee, Dexter McGahee and Griffitts Chairman, Norman Kassoff. &lt;div&gt;Related Page&lt;/div&gt;&#xD;&#xA; Edit this page Powered by ClubRunner &copy; 2002&ndash;2026 All rights reserved. Privacy Statement | Cookie Policy | Online Help | System Requirements 
