URL: https://www.aquinas-sta.org/academics/college-advising
ORG: St Thomas Aquinas HS college advising
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 College Advising - St. Thomas Aquinas High School Home CODE OF ETHICS Discover STA Open House Parent/Student Handbook Archdiocese of Miami Mission and Catholic Identity Aquinas at a Glance History and Tradition National Blue Ribbon STEAMS Competition Raider Review Directory School Calendar Visitor Policy Transportation Campus Store Careers Contact Us Admissions Apply Tuition &amp; Financial Aid Scholarships Academic Scholars HSPT Exam Academics School Counseling &amp; College Advisement College Advising Academic Advising Academic Profile (opens in new window/tab) Exceptional Student Services Curriculum Transcript Request Summer Institute Honor Societies Academic Scholars Summer Reading Cambridge Education Student Life Service Silver Knights Clubs &amp; Activities Fine Arts Leadership Cafeteria Cailini STEM @ STA Support STA Robotics Athletics (opens in new window/tab) Athletics Home (opens in new window/tab) SUMMER CAMPS (opens in new window/tab) News &amp; Media Academic News Athletic News Student Life Community News Social Media Supporting STA Bienes Center for the Arts About Bienes Center for the Arts Contact &amp; Directions Ticketing &amp; Seating Facility Information CANVAS LOGIN (opens in new window/tab) Summer Reading (opens in new window/tab) Home CODE OF ETHICS Discover STA About STA With over 80 years of Catholic Education, Tradition, and Excellence thrive on the campus of St. Thomas Aquinas High School. Dear God, Through the intercession of St. Thomas Aquinas, grant us a mind to know you, a heart to seek you, the wisdom to find you and the hope of embracing you. We ask this through Christ our Lord. St. Thomas Aquinas, Pray for Us. Open House Parent/Student Handbook Archdiocese of Miami Mission and Catholic Identity Aquinas at a Glance History and Tradition National Blue Ribbon STEAMS Competition Raider Review Directory School Calendar Visitor Policy Transportation Campus Store Careers Contact Us Admissions Admissions The choice of a high school becomes a defining factor for the future of any 8th grade student. STA attempts to make the transition from one high school to another as easy as possible. Apply Tuition &amp; Financial Aid Scholarships Academic Scholars HSPT Exam Academics Academics Academic excellence remains the solid foundation of this tradition-rich school. School Counseling &amp; College Advisement College Advising Academic Advising Academic Profile (opens in new window/tab) Exceptional Student Services Curriculum Transcript Request Summer Institute Honor Societies Academic Scholars Summer Reading Cambridge Education Student Life Activities With various opportunities available to get involved, students gain skills and advance in their academic pursuits while they enjoy building strong connections with other students. Service Silver Knights Clubs &amp; Activities Fine Arts Leadership Cafeteria Cailini STEM @ STA Athletics (opens in new window/tab) Athletics The Athletic Department, under the guidance of Athletic Director Twan Russell, his outstanding staff of dedicated coaches, and the participation of so many talented athletes on various teams, is celebrating another incredible year of achievements. Athletics Home (opens in new window/tab) SUMMER CAMPS (opens in new window/tab) News &amp; Media News &amp; Media Explore all that STA has to offer and stay informed on the latest updates, news and insider stories. Academic News Athletic News Student Life Community News Social Media Supporting STA Bienes Center for the Arts About Bienes Center for the Arts Contact &amp; Directions Ticketing &amp; Seating Facility Information CANVAS LOGIN (opens in new window/tab) Summer Reading (opens in new window/tab) Navigation School Counseling &amp; College Advisement College Advising Academic Advising Academic Profile (opens in new window/tab) Exceptional Student Services Curriculum Transcript Request Summer Institute Honor Societies Academic Scholars Summer Reading Cambridge Education College Advising COLLEGE ADVISING College Advising The College Search Standardized Tests Applying to College Paying for College AP Testing College Advising St. Thomas Aquinas High School's College Advisors are available throughout the year to guide students through career exploration, the college search, and the college application process. They are available for students before school, after school, and during lunch hours. Students should not miss class to meet with their College Advisor unless they receive a pass from their teacher. The College Advisors are also available by appointment for students and parents. College Planning Calendar Freshman Year Sophomore Year Junior Year Senior Year Freshman Year Establish good habits early. Take challenging classes in core academic courses. If you are successful in your classes, consider moving to the next level in 10th grade. Work with your school counselor to create a yearly schedule for meeting graduation requirements. Research school activities, sports and/or community service that you ENJOY and will stay involved in throughout high school. See our lists of clubs and sports . Take the PSAT at STA in October. Take the ACT Aspire at STA in April. Keep a running list of accomplishments, awards, recognitions and community service hours on Scoir, so that you can use them in preparing a resume and college applications. Consider meaningful summer activities - summer school, community service, work, a college summer program. Sophomore Year Push yourself academically and stay focused. Take the PSAT at STA in October. Take the ACT Aspire at STA in April. Continue to follow your passions and stay involved in extracurricular activities and community service. Stay focused on moving to the next level in your academic courses as you will begin registering for your 11th grade courses in the spring. Get more familiar with Scoir. You will use it extensively throughout the rest of high school so it is good to get familiar with it now. Keep a running list of accomplishments, awards, recognitions and community service hours on Scoir, so that you can use them in preparing a resume and completing college applications. Begin to take the career assessment we provide to you through your Scoir account. Consider meaningful summer activities - summer school, community service, work, a college summer program. Junior Year Semester I Keep your grades up! If you have not worked to your full potential academically, this is your year to turn things around! Begin to discuss your college options with your parents. Begin to follow every college you&#39;re interested in through your Scoir account. Take the PSAT/NMSQT in October. You will get your results in December. Look at dates to take the SAT and ACT. Late fall is a good time to begin if you are in Pre-Calculus or beyond. If not, spring is a better time to begin. Be involved! In school clubs, sports, at your religious institution, or in the community. You do not have to be involved in a lot. Remember, committed involvement in a few clubs indicates your level of responsibility. Semester II Review PSAT scores distributed in December to identify strengths and weaknesses. Plan to take SAT and ACT at least once each. Think about SAT/ACT test prep if needed. Create a resume. If you haven&#39;t started following colleges on Scoir already, do that now! Check the websites of colleges to learn admissions information and applications. Have an appropriate email address to use during the college admissions process. Your first and last name are generally the most professional (ex. John.Smith@gmail.com). Make sure any social media accounts are appropriate and set to your intended privacy settings. Attend STA&#39;s Junior College Night in the spring. Attend college visits at St. Thomas Aquinas High School. Begin communication with the college representative or admissions office of any college you are remotely interested in. Begin to think about college essays. Complete your Senior Questionnaire survey on Scoir. Visit colleges throughout the spring, if possible. Ask parents to complete the Parent Statement survey on Scoir. Set up a &quot;College Folder&quot; on your computer desktop to store all college documents in one place. Ask two teachers to write a letter of recommendation (if applicable). Supply the teachers with your resume. Create a Common Application account if any of your prospective colleges use the Common Application. See &ldquo;College Application Guide&rdquo; for more information on these. Keep your grades up! This is the most important semester! Summer Review SAT/ACT Scores and work on your weaknesses. Think about SAT/ACT test prep if needed. Visit colleges. Continue to update list of possible colleges. Begin working on college applications. Be involved during the summer: volunteer work, job, sports. Research scholarship and Financial Aid opportunities. Attend a Summer Program at a college, if possible. Take a Summer Institute course at St. Thomas Aquinas High School. Have Florida public university applications ready the 1st week of school. Senior Year Semester I Finalize a list of colleges for the application process. Continue to complete applications. Follow up on your letters of recommendation or ask two teachers. Attend college representative presentations at STA. Attend Sunshine Invitational College Fair/Broward County College Fair. Meet with your counselor to discuss college choices. Retake SAT/ACT in August, September, October, November, or December if necessary. Apply to public universities as early as possible. Take SAT Subject Tests&ndash; if the college requires them. Apply for the Florida Bright Futures Scholarship after October 1st. Complete all applications by their deadlines; however, the earlier the better! Visit colleges, if possible. Attend the Financial Aid Night at STA. (Parents) Research scholarships and Financial Aid. Apply for Financial Aid after October 1st. If you are interested in the performing arts, read each college website closely to be sure that you register for auditions on time. As always, READ and KEEP all materials provided by the counselors and the colleges! Keep a copy or record of all colleges on Naviance to which you have applied. After you have applied to colleges, check your online status or call admissions to be sure that they have received everything they need. Keep your grades up! Semester II Keep up your grades! All college acceptances are contingent on your final senior grades. Complete any applications with later deadlines. Read the financial aid website for each college to be sure you are completing everything necessary. As you receive decision letters from colleges, continue to investigate them, to help with your decision of where to enroll. Visit if you haven&rsquo;t already, or visit again if you are trying to decide where to attend. Send any new information (test scores, awards, accomplishments) to any college to which you have been deferred or waitlisted. Update your Scoir account of all college decisions. Notify the School Counseling office of all scholarship offers. Meet May 1st Candidate Reply Date for notifying colleges of your decision to attend. Contact all colleges to which you have been accepted to let them know if you do not plan to attend. Write thank you notes to teachers who wrote letters of recommendation for you, and to anyone else who helped you with your college application process. Watch your email or mail for college orientation programs and any other important information from the college you plan to attend. Preparing for College Activities Resume Activities Colleges are interested in what you do in addition to studying and going to class — they would like to know that you’ll have a life outside the books as well. Being involved in extracurricular activities lets colleges know that you can handle multiple responsibilities at once and still be successful. It’s also a way for them to get a sneak peek into the kind of person you are. What are your hobbies and talents? What interests you? Are you a leader, a performer, an athlete? Do you work or help with family responsibilities? All of these things help colleges get a better idea of who you are and what you will bring to the campus community. Volunteer in your community. Some scholarships are based entirely upon community service. There are a wide variety of ways you can get involved in community service. Talk to your school counselor, community center, or local religious organization to find them. Seek out activities and clubs that interest you. Choose activities that are meaningful and important to you. There is no one perfect activity that everyone should do — it depends on the individual. If you love a good argument, join the debate team; if you love the theater, try out for the school play or help out behind the scenes. The most important thing is to find activities that interest you and allow you to learn new skills. Don’t neglect your own individualism — continue to nurture your own special talents and interests. These things may set you apart from others when it comes down to an admissions decision! It’s not the quantity, it’s the quality. Don’t try to join every club under the sun. Pick a few activities you really enjoy and focus on those. In almost all situations, being committed and taking on responsibility in a few select activities is more important than the being a member of 50 clubs. Take on leadership roles. Whether you run for president of student council or volunteer to be the school dance chairman, challenge yourself to take on a leadership role in your activities. Not only does this demonstrate your responsibility, it can be a great learning experience. Organize your activities. Keep a record of your involvements beginning your freshman year of high school. Be sure to note leadership roles, the number of hours spent on each community service activity, jobs you have held, etc. All of these things will be important when it comes time to apply for college and scholarships! It is a good idea to keep descriptions of each of your activities along with the amount of time you dedicated to each one. This will help you stay organized before completing college applications, so that you can tweak them, and put your best foot forward for the college. Resume When you apply to college, some colleges give you an opportunity to submit a Resume with your application, as well as listing your Activities on the application, and some colleges give you an opportunity to submit a Resume in lieu of listing Activities on the application. It is helpful for you to prepare a Resume for college applications, or for scholarship applications, employment, etc. See sample resumes in the "Applying to College" section at the top of this page. College Information College Fairs & Local Visits Pre-College Summer Programs College Visits at STA Athletic Recruitment College Fairs & Local Visits Each year in April, STA partners with other local high schools to host the Sunshine Invitational College Fair. This special fair is not open to the public, but only to students at STA and the other host high schools. Make it a priority to attend! Hundreds of college representatives will be there to answer questions. If you cannot attend the Sunshine Invitational College Fair, the South Florida National College Fair is another opportunity. This fair is in October and February and it is open to the public. Although this is a much larger fair, you can still meet with college representatives from hundreds of colleges and universities. Pre-College Summer Programs Thinking about what to do this summer? Would you like to learn what it is like living on a college campus and taking a college course? This is a great way to learn about college life, and possibly receive college credits. If you do take a course for credit, make sure you make an A, because that credit will carry over when you start college. However, unless the summer program is competitive, or offers a scholarship for admission, attending a college summer program will not give you any advantage in the undergraduate admissions process. A comprehensive list of Summer Program offerings can be found in Scoir under &ldquo;drive&rdquo;. College Visits at STA STA hosts many colleges and universities on campus throughout the school year. These visits are open to seniors only. College visits may be in-person or virtual. Visits from the large Florida public state universities will have limited space and are only open to seniors. Students can view the college visit calendar and register for college visits through their Scoir account. After students register for a visit, they must obtain a pass from the School Counseling &amp; College Advising office at least two school days prior to the college visit. No passes remain accessible the day of the visit. **All visits subject to change Questions to Ask College Representatives Athletic Recruitment Student Athletes need to be certified by the NCAA Eligibility Center to compete at an NCAA Division I or II school. "Individual schools award athletics scholarships. Divisions I and II schools provide $2.7 billion in athletics scholarships annually to more than 150,000 student-athletes. Division III schools, with more than 180,000 student-athletes, do not offer athletically related financial aid, but most student-athletes receive some form of academic grant or need-based scholarship." -NCAA Eligibility Center NCAA Eligibility Center Information NCAA Eligibility Center Portal NCAA Members by Division For more information regarding athletic recruitment, please contact the athletic office at (954) 327-2181. Additional Resources Websites Phone Numbers Guidebooks STA ALUMNI TRANSCRIPTS Websites These websites can be very helpful to you throughout the college admissions process. College Search Sites Scoir Big Future Colleges That Change Lives Catholic Colleges &amp; Universities Ivy League Universities Liberal Arts Colleges Military Service Academies Standardized College Tests SAT ACT Test Optional Colleges Free Online Test Prep Scholarship Search Sites Raise.Me GoingMerry Fastweb Scholarships4Students.com Scholarships.com BigFuture Chegg Sallie Mae Scholarship Search Scholar Snapp Florida Shines Financial Aid Information FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) US Dept. of Education Federal Student Aid EFC To calculate your estimated family contribution for financial aid CSS Profile Florida Bright Futures Scholarships Florida Prepaid College Plan College Applications &amp; Information Scoir Common Application Student Self-Reported Academic Record (SSAR) Athlete Information NCAA Eligibility Center Summer Programs Teen Life Career Information Occupational Outlook Handbook Phone Numbers ACT – (319) 337-1270 College Board – (609) 771-7600 CSS Profile – (844) 202-0524 FAFSA – (800) 433-3243 Florida Bright Futures - (888) 827-2004 Guidebooks Fiske Guide to Colleges – Edward Fiske regularly visits colleges, and writes very candid reviews of the college included in his book. Colleges That Change Lives – Loren Pope The College Finder – Dr. Steven R. Antonoff The Insider’s Guide to Colleges – The Staff of the Yale Daily News Where You Go Is Not Who You'll Be: An Antidote to the College Admissions Mania – Frank Bruni Creative Colleges: A Guide for Student Actors, Artists, Dancers, Musicians, and Writers - Elaina Loveland The K&amp;W Guide to Colleges for Students with Learning Disabilities or ADHD - Marybeth Kravets and Imy Wax The Student Athlete's Guide to Getting Recruited: How to Win Scholarships, Attract Colleges and Excel as an Athlete Paperback - Stewart Brown College Atlas and Planner: Planning Your College Visits Made Easy - Wintergreen Orchard House STA ALUMNI TRANSCRIPTS If you are an STA alumnus and need your transcript, please visit https://www.parchment.com/ . The College Search There are thousands of colleges in the United States, so when you begin to put together a college list, it is helpful to narrow the search with the components below. Admission Requirements Location Enrollment Costs Majors Offered Student Body Admission Requirements Colleges range from extremely selective (the hardest to be admitted to) to open enrollment (everyone who applies is admitted). As you begin the college search it is helpful to look at your GPA and any test scores you have, and compare them to the students who are admitted to colleges. There are college searches on Scoir and other websites to help with this (see website page). Most colleges give a mid-range of test scores, this is the middle 50% of students who have been accepted. If your test scores are in this range, any our chances of admission are good. On S coir you can look at each college&#39;s Analysis page, which shows students who have applied to each college from STA last year, their test scores and GPAs, and their admission decision. Location Think about where you would like to go to college – any geographic areas you love, or aren’t interested in? This can begin with a family discussion – how far away are parents comfortable with? Many students attend colleges in their home state, for reasons of cost, proximity to home, or just preference for one of our great state universities. Enrollment There are colleges with as few as 300 students, and colleges with over 50,000 students, and there are pros and cons to both. Do you like smaller classes with discussions? This will happen more at a smaller college, and there will be more large lecture classes at a very large institution. There can be a variety of opportunities, both in and out of the classroom, at both. To get an idea which you prefer visit different size campuses – this can begin with ones which are local. Costs College costs can greatly vary, from attending a public university locally and living at home to attending the most expensive private university in the country. It is important to have a family discussion to be realistic about paying for college. There is a lot of financial aid available consisting of need-based aid and merit-based scholarships - however, it is good to have some less expensive options when applying to college in case you do not receive all the financial aid you need to cover the costs. Majors Offered If you have an idea what you’d like to study in college, you will want to research colleges with this major. If not, you will want to look at colleges which offer a wide range of majors. Many colleges have a lot of choices, especially the larger colleges. However, some majors, such as Engineering, Nursing, Sports Medicine, and even Business, are not offered at every college, so research your colleges carefully. Student Body Are you studious, artsy, or want big rah rah sports, interested in study abroad, internships, fraternities/sororities, drama or debate? Would you be more comfortable on a friendly, accepting campus, or are excited by a very competitive academic environment? These are all things to consider when looking at colleges. If interested, research Visual &amp; Performing Arts Colleges or Military Academies. College Search Information College Search Websites Visiting Colleges Scoir College Search Websites SCOIR Big Future Colleges That Change Lives YouVisit CampusReel Visiting Colleges This is the best way to learn about a college. It is never too early to visit. If travel is difficult, begin with local campuses – we have a lot in South Florida. Visits can help you determine if you are more interested in a large or smaller campus, urban or suburban, observe what the student body is like, visit sports facilities, visit specific buildings on campus, dorms, and more. Be sure to register online for an orientation session and campus tour for any campus visit, if possible. ALWAYS let the college admissions office know you are visiting campus. You can also experience virtual college tours online at Youvisit . Questions to Ask College Representatives College Visit Checklist Campus Visit Score Card Scoir The School Counseling and College Advising department utilizes Scoir, a comprehensive college and career readiness tool. Each student receives their own Scoir account. Some of our students&#39; favorite Scoir college search features include: Career Assessments College Search College Lookup College Compare College Admission Analysis STA College Visit Sign-Up STA Scholarship List College List Builder Florida Colleges & Universities Catholic Colleges & Universities Out of State Colleges & Universities Florida Colleges & Universities Florida Public Universities Average Admissions Criteria Detailed Descriptions Florida Private Universities Average Admissions Criteria &amp; Detailed Descriptions Catholic Colleges & Universities Map of U.S. Catholic Colleges Institution Search Out of State Colleges & Universities Ivy League Universities Liberal Arts Colleges Military Service Academies Standardized Tests A major component of a college application is a student's standardized test scores. Most schools will accept the ACT and/or SAT. Students will take ACT and SAT practice tests (PSAT and ACT Aspire) starting in your freshman year. Junior year is the most common time that students will take their first real ACT and/or SAT test. Click on the tests below to read more about each one. types of standardized tests Pre ACT PSAT (NMSQT) SAT & ACT Test Optional Colleges Pre ACT The PreACT test allows 9th and 10th graders to determine if they are on target for college readiness as they prepare to take the ACT test and engage in college planning. The Pre ACT provides ACT predicted scores for each subject areas - English, Reading, Math, Science and Writing, and a Composite score. The test is given during a school day in April at no cost to the student. PSAT (NMSQT) The PSAT/NMSQT-Preliminary SAT/SAT National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test All Freshmen, Sophomore and Junior Students will sit for the PSAT/NMSQT Test at STA. The PSAT test will be in October. Student can link their PSAT results to Khan Academy for free test prep. The Preliminary SAT/National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test (PSAT/NMSQT) is a program cosponsored by the College Board and National Merit Scholarship Corporation (NMSC). It&#39;s a standardized test that provides firsthand practice for the SAT&reg;. It also gives you a chance to enter NMSC scholarship programs and gain access to college and career planning tools. What does the PSAT/NMSQT measure? The PSAT/NMSQT&reg; measures reading, writing and language, and math skills developed over many years, both in and out of school. You will not be asked to recall facts from literature, history, or science, or to complete math formulas, because this test measures your reasoning and critical thinking skills. The assessments clearly and transparently focus on key concepts and require the analytic, interpretive skills practiced in the best K&ndash;12 coursework today. The assessment redesign centers on these key changes: &rsaquo;&rsaquo; Words in context. Students engage in close reading to interpret the meanings of relevant vocabulary words. &rsaquo;&rsaquo; Command of evidence. Students are asked to interpret, synthesize, and use evidence found in a wide range of sources; support their chosen answers; and integrate information from passages and informational graphics. &rsaquo;&rsaquo; Math that matters most. Students encounter questions that focus on Problem solving and Data Analysis, mastery of linear equations (Heart of Algebra), and familiarity with more complex equations. SAT & ACT The SAT &amp; ACT both began in the 1920’s. The SAT was mainly administered on the east coast and west coast. The ACT was mainly in the middle of the country. As years have gone by the tests have grown to both being administered all over the US, and both exams accepted by 99% of the colleges in the U.S. The tests have become more similar in recent years. The SAT Test is comprised of a Evidence-Based Reading and Writing section and a Math section with a top score of 800 for each section. The ACT is comprised of four subject areas - English, Mathematics, Reading and Science Reasoning, with a top score of 36 in each area. These four scores are averaged to create a Composite Score. The essays are optional now on both test, so check college websites to determine if it is a requirement. We recommend that students take each test at least once to determine which test they do better on. Student test scores must be sent from the test company to each college. It is recommended to begin taking tests in the spring of junior year, and continue to test throughout the spring, and possibly the fall of senior year. Most colleges will take the highest scores from multiple test dates of the SAT (superscoring) and some college superscore the ACT. You can find more information, as well as test registration, on these websites below for each test. Be sure to register early! Test Optional Colleges Many colleges are no longer requiring SAT or ACT tests for admission. To check on the list of test optional colleges, go to www.fairtest.org . sat test dates Test Date Registration Deadline Late Registration Deadline August 24, 2024 August 9, 2024 August 13, 2024 October 5, 2024 September 20, 2024 September 24, 2024 November 2, 2024 October 18, 2024 October 22, 2024 **December 7, 2024 (not at STA) November 22, 2024 November 26, 2024 March 8, 2025 (Digital) February 21, 2025 February 25, 2025 May 3, 2025 (Digital) April 18, 2025 April 22, 2025 June 7, 2025 (Digital) May 22, 2025 May 27, 2025 IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE SAT TEST **Not at STA Register for the SAT act test dates Test Date Registration Deadline September 14, 2024 August 9, 2024 August 25, 2024 October 26, 2024 September 20, 2024 October 7, 2024 December 14, 2024 November 8, 2024 November 22, 2024 February 8, 2025 January 3, 2025 January 20, 2025 April 5, 2025 February 28, 2025 March 16, 2025 June 14, 2025 May 9, 2025 May 26, 2025 July 12, 2025 June 6, 2025 June 20, 2025 **Projected ACT test date STA is not a test center for national ACT tests Register for the ACT Applying to College Congratulations! You are a senior and will be soon be off to college! Before you get there, you must apply early and make sure you have applied correctly. Please use this guide to help you with your applications. There are many components to a college application and the college/university you are applying to will need ALL components for your application to be considered complete. Here are the most common components of a complete application: Complete Application Transcript SAT or ACT scores Essay Recommendation Letter(s) Application Fee Types of Admissions Plans Deadlines College Application Guide Student Self-Reported Academic Record (SSAR) The College Essay Activities & Resume Letters of Recommendation College Interviews Frequently Asked Questions Types of Admissions Plans Application Options/Deadlines Colleges and universities have varying admission practices and deadlines. Find some of the more frequently mentioned practices below. ROLLING ADMISSION: As colleges receive applications, they read them and send out decisions. Some of our state universities use Rolling Admissions. It is great, as you may receive your decision very early. EARLY ACTION or PRIORITY: Many colleges offer this option, with deadlines in October or November. This is a great option because you receive your decision in December or January and are not committed to attend. SINGLE CHOICE or RESTRICTIVE EARLY ACTION : - A few colleges have this choice. If so, you can only apply to one college Restrictive Early Action or Single Choice. This option is non-binding and you will receive an admission decision in December or January. EARLY DECISION: This is a binding option. If you apply and are accepted, you are committed to attending this college. If you are 100% sure you will be happy attending a college, and do not need to compare financial aid offers, this is good option. Otherwise, DO NOT consider Early Decision. EARLY DECISION II: Some colleges offer a second Early Decision deadline, for students who have not yet made up their minds by the first Early Decision deadline. It is the same as Early Decision - if you apply and are accepted, you are committed to attending this college. If you are 100% sure you will be happy attending a college, and do not need to compare financial aid offers, this is good option. Otherwise, DO NOT consider Early Decision. REGULAR DECISION: Most colleges have a Regular Decision deadline. A lot of Regular Decision deadlines are January 1st or 15th, and you receive a decision in mid to late March. APPLICATION Decisions Colleges will notify you with one of the following decisions ACCEPT: Great, you have this college as an option! DENY: If you have been denied, move on to focus on other colleges. Most colleges do not reconsider students after denials. DEFER: This is also great; you are still being considered. Email the college and let them know you are very interested, and send any additional information which will help your application such as new test scores, any awards, honors. WAITLIST: Colleges need to have a number of extra students in case some do not commit to attend so they place students on a Waitlist. There is no guarantee that you will be taken off the Waitlist, so you must commit to another college. However, if this is a top college choice of yours, be sure to contact the college and let them know you are very interested and would like to stay on the Waitlist. SPRING ADMIT: Some colleges are offering students admission for spring term in January, even if you have applied for fall. If it is your top choice college, you may choose this option. Options of how to spend your fall include community college courses, work, or community service. YOU DO NOT NEED TO COMMIT TO ANY COLLEGE UNTIL MAY 1ST - UNLESS YOU HAVE APPLIED EARLY DECISION, ARE A COMMITTED ATHLETE, OR ARE COMMITTED IN ANY OTHER WAY. Some colleges may encourage you to send a deposit before May 1st, but you do not need to. Deadlines College transcript/scholarship requests (GSF Forms) should be submitted at least TWO WEEKS prior to an application deadline. Check your schools for the appropriate deadline. Some examples are: College Application Deadline Transcript Request Deadline October 15th October 1st November 1st October 20th December 1st November 12th January 1st and 15th December 1st All applications with deadlines between December 15 through January 15 must be turned into the School Counseling office by December 1, 2021 Transcript requests are not accepted on the last day before Christmas break as we will not have adequate time to process late requests. Transcript requests and Guidance Services Forms must be turned into the School Counseling office by the student. College Application Guide Step 1 Step 2 Step 3 Step 4 Step 5 Step 6 Step 7 Common App Step 1 Step 1: Complete your St. Thomas Aquinas Documents on Scoir. This must be completed prior to submitting requests for transcripts. Your completed file will assist your counselor in writing a recommendation letter. These documents include: (1) Senior Questionnaire, (2) Resume, (3) Parent Statement, (4) College Essay Draft. Step 2 Step 2: Log on to your Scoir account. Make sure your colleges are in your &quot;Following&quot; column. Any colleges you are in the middle of applying to can be moved to the &quot;Applying&quot; column. Once you submit an application, you can move that college to your &quot;Applied&quot; column. Step 3 Step 3: Request Teacher Recommendations through your Scoir account (if applicable). Teachers will be sending all of their recommendation letters electronically through Scoir. You must ask your teachers in person and provide them with a copy of your resume prior to requesting them on Scoir. Do NOT add your recommender email addresses on the Common Application. After your recommender agrees to write your recommendation letter, you must submit the request on Scoir and add only their first and last name to your Common Application (DO NOT ADD THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS). Step 4 Step 4: Apply! Apply to each of your colleges via their application process. If you are applying via the Common Application, please refer to our Common Application Guides at the end of these steps for helpful instructions. Remember, each college will require different components. You must refer to each individual college application to determine what materials are required. Carefully read the entire admissions website for each college so that you don&rsquo;t miss any important items, i.e. deadlines or additional documents required for honors programs, scholarships and more. Step 5 Step 5: Complete a Guidance Services Form (GSF) and Update Scoir. Pick up a GSF form in the School Counseling and College Advising Office. Fill in all of the required information and submit it to your College Advisor. One form MUST be filled out for each school you apply to. Only submit a GSF form AFTER you have submitted your application. This is the form that will ensure your transcript is sent to your college/university. You must also move this college to your &quot;Applied&quot; column on Scoir. Step 6 Step 6: Turn in your GSF Form a Minimum of TWO WEEKS before the College APPLICATION Deadline. The School Counseling and College Advising Office needs an adequate amount of time to process every GSF form. You will be subject to a late fee if you submit your form after the college&#39;s APPLICATION deadline. Step 7 Step 7: Request your SAT and/or ACT sent to your Colleges/Universities (if applicable). To send your SAT scores, go to www.CollegeBoard.com . Four score reports can be sent for free when you register for an SAT. You will need to pay a fee for each additional report. To send your ACT scores, go to www.ACTstudent.org. Four ACT score reports can be sent for free when you register for an ACT. You will need to pay a fee for each additional report. Your scores must be sent officially and directly from College Board or ACT. STA does not send test scores. Common App You will only need to refer to this guide if you are applying to a college or university using the Common Application. Create a Common Application account if you have not already done so. Create your account at www.CommonApp.org and locate Saint Thomas Aquinas High School by the CEEB code: 100475 . Add any schools using the Common Application to your Common Application account. Sign the FERPA Waiver. Click on the first college in your list and click on Recommenders &amp; FERPA . Follow in the instructions to complete your FERPA waiver. It is your choice whether or not to waive your right to view your recommendations however; we strongly recommend waiving your right, as colleges/universities will place more weight on your recommendations when you waive your right to view them. Start filling out your Common Application. Your Common App tab will be your general information that gets submitted to each college you apply to. Your My Colleges tab is where you add each of your colleges and access their individual applications. Apply! Once you have submitted your application(s) via Common Application, refer to the &ldquo;College Application Checklist&rdquo; in the STA College Application Handbook. Do NOT add your recommender email addresses on the Common Application. All recommenders MUST be requested in person. After your recommender agrees to write your recommendation letter, you must submit the request on Scoir and add only their first and last name to your Common Application (DO NOT ADD THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS). **Remember to update your Scoir account as you receive your admissions decisions! Student Self-Reported Academic Record (SSAR) The SSAR is a self-reported student academic record that lists all courses and associated grades that have been attempted, or will be attempted, for high school and/or college credit. FAMU, USF, UWF, UF, FSU, FAU, FGCU, NCF, UNF and FLPOLY currently require that students complete the SSAR instead of sending your high school transcript. However, since accuracy is critical, you must have a copy of your high school transcript available to use as a reference when you create your SSAR. Be sure to indicate any courses taken through an online school. The SSAR is created at the Self-reported Student Academic Record website. Each college has individual methods for linking the SSAR to your application, so read guidelines on each college website. To access the SSAR, visit: Self-reported Student Academic Record | Scarlet Computing Solutions (scarletcs.com) The College Essay Common Application Essay Prompts Specific Tips on Responding to Frequently Appearing Essay Topics Common Application Essay Prompts 1. Some students have a background, identity, interest, or talent that is so meaningful they believe their application would be incomplete without it. If this sounds like you, then please share your story. 2. The lessons we take from obstacles we encounter can be fundamental to later success. Recount a time when you faced a challenge, setback, or failure. How did it affect you, and what did you learn from the experience? 3. Reflect on a time when you questioned or challenged a belief or idea. What prompted your thinking? What was the outcome? 4. Describe a problem you've solved or a problem you'd like to solve. It can be an intellectual challenge, a research query, an ethical dilemma - anything that is of personal importance, no matter the scale. Explain its significance to you and what steps you took or could be taken to identify a solution. 5. Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others. 6. Describe a topic, idea, or concept you find so engaging that it makes you lose all track of time. Why does it captivate you? What or who do you turn to when you want to learn more? (New) 7. Share an essay on any topic of your choice. It can be one you've already written, one that responds to a different prompt, or one of your own design. (New) Specific Tips on Responding to Frequently Appearing Essay Topics Written by Bryan Rutledge Make friends with the essay style. The essay style is a distinct kind of writing: intelligent but not intellectual, light but not lightheaded. The essay is not a five-paragraph analysis of the symbolism of Baby Pearl in Hawthorne’s The Scarlet Letter. The essay is not a vehicle for you to roll out a succession of five-dollar words that no one uses in conversation. The essay is a very short story, no longer than one page single-spaced, with a point, a logically flowing narrative that your gentle reader should not have to struggle to understand. The essay is your friend. Influential Persons Meaningful Activities or Employment Reactions to a Quotation Academic Interests and Career Plans Why This College or University Appears to You Issues that Matter Diversity Special Talents or Qualifications Struggles or Challenges Influential Persons Whether you choose your little brother or Gandhi, if by the essay’s end the reader knows more about the influential person than she does you, something has gone wrong. If you write about someone you know and see often, relate specific conversations and events and how they moved or changed you. With a historical figure, reach beyond predictable platitudes to show how you have been inspired or altered. Read up on the person’s life to find fascinating facts that might have been overlooked. Meaningful Activities or Employment Joining a school club is pointless unless you do something worthwhile as a member. For example, if you are in the science club, you can help arrange field trips, expert speakers, or experiments to teach and wow your classmates or younger students. When it comes to employment, whether you mow yards, flip burgers, or tutor math, learning to team up with diverse co-workers, serve others in a professional setting, take direction, and manage your own money can make a compelling story. Reactions to a Quotation Here’s a clever way to impress your reader: Find something else the quoted person wrote or said and work that into your essay. It shows curiosity and depth on your part, an easy way to go the extra mile. Academic Interests and Career Plans This one often bugs the undecided writer who feels that it means just one subject and one career. Not to worry. It’s fine at this point in your life to be undecided (most students are); just write about what seems most appealing and why, and then, if you prefer, add another subject that interests you and explain why. When writing about a potential college major, visit the college’s website for details on some of the more intriguing classes offered in that discipline. Be so passionate about subjects that interest you that you read up on them and their practitioners when you don’t have to, and alert your admissions reader that you do so. Be active and curious, probe for tantalizing details. Why This College or University Appears to You If you’ve visited the school, make notes on what you saw, whom you spoke to, how you felt when you saw the academic quad for the first time. If you haven’t visited, search the undergraduate website of the school for testimonials from students, research and recreational facilities, or campus organizations you might like. If you know current students or alums of the college, consult them and write about it. If what you write about, for example, Duke’s programs, looks exactly like what you write about the University of Puget Sound’s, go back to the drawing board and individuate. Issues that Matter If you care about issues political, social or environmental, your essay will come across as vague or lame unless you have engaged with the issues. You will have more specifics to add interest to your essay if you take part in, for example, student government, community service, or political volunteering. Outside reading can be a real plus, and if you take a stand on a controversial issue, show that you are open-minded and see both sides. Diversity Asked to write about diversity, seniors sometimes suppose they are at a loss if they are not from an underrepresented ethnic or racial group. Remember that diversity includes but extends beyond race and ethnicity, and those in the majority can certainly join the appreciation and celebration. What’s more, an artist, athlete, woodworker, or poet can bring diversity, as can those from various socio- economic backgrounds. “Think diversely about diversity,” as they say. Special Talents or Qualifications This optional essay appears on the Common Application, accepted by hundreds of private and some public schools. Once you have completed all the required essays for your application, ask yourself whether you have left something unsaid. I’ve seen marvelous special talent essays on child-care, chess, animal husbandry, cooking, tutoring younger students, and one of my favorites, a young woman who built furniture with her father. It’s fine if your special talent has nothing to do with your academic interests. As Walt Whitman put it, “I contain multitudes.” Struggles or Challenges This subject can generate complaints from those who, ironically, have little to complain about: “If only I had something awful happen to me so I could write about it!” Enough already, and be careful what you wish for. Sometimes those writing about significant challenges worry that they will come across as complaining or using their struggle to advantage. Here’s the solution: If overcoming or coping with a significant struggle is a vital and meaningful part of who you are, and you want to write about it, do so. Persistence, maturity, character, and optimism are often revealed in our struggles, and these are qualities that colleges want in their communities. Your final essay checklist: Here is one last check-list before you punch SUBMIT: Your grammar and spelling are flawless. If you are lacking in these skills, find a diction director, punctuation pundit, or syntax censor who can assist. Your essay has natural and regular paragraph breaks, with smooth transitions between them. You have avoided fancy words that are not conversational. All your essays address the prompts, and essential words in the prompts appear in your essays. You have followed the guidelines for essay length. Your essay is your authentic voice, honest and clear, and is positive even if it deals with difficult issues. You have used details and examples to make your point rather than vague generalizations, and you have invited the reader to think or wonder. The first and last sentences of your essay are lively, engaging, and consistent with each other, but not exactly the same. Your conclusion takes the reader beyond the introduction. An intelligent reader who may not have the pleasure of meeting you will know you better after reading the essay. With your “story” you will welcome the reader into your life with goodwill and trust. Believe in yourself. Change, including going off to college, can be scary at any point in your life, but change is the only and best way to move forward. Albert Einstein, who knew a thing or two about movement, said that life is like riding a bike: “The only way to stay balanced is to keep moving.” Completing your college essays will organize your preferences and plans, balancing your ride to college admission. Activities & Resume Resume Activities Common Application Activities Instructions Resume When you apply to college, some colleges give you an opportunity to submit a Resume with your application, as well as listing your Activities on the application, and some colleges give you an opportunity to submit a Resume in lieu of listing Activities on the application. It is helpful for you to prepare a Resume for college applications, or for scholarship applications, employment, etc. Click on the links below to download different resume templates. Sample Resume 1 Sample Resume 2 Activities Colleges want to know that you can do more than just study and go to class — they want to know that you’ll have a life outside the books as well. Being involved in extracurricular activities lets colleges know that you can handle multiple responsibilities at once and still be successful. It’s also a way for them to get a sneak peek into the kind of person you are. What are your hobbies and talents? What interests you? Are you a leader, a performer, an athlete? Do you work or help with family responsibilities? All of these things help colleges get a better idea of who you are and what you will bring to the campus community. Volunteer in your community. Some scholarships are based entirely upon community service. There are a wide variety of ways you can get involved in community service. Talk to your school counselor, community center, or local religious organization to find them. Seek out activities and clubs that interest you. Choose activities that are meaningful and important to you. There is no one perfect activity that everyone should do — it depends on the individual. If you love a good argument, join the debate team; if you love the theater, try out for the school play or help out behind the scenes. The most important thing is to find activities that interest you and allow you to learn new skills. Don’t neglect your own individualism — continue to nurture your own special talents and interests. These things may set you apart from others when it comes down to an admissions decision! It’s not the quantity, it’s the quality. Don’t try to join every club under the sun. Pick a few activities you really enjoy and focus on those. In almost all situations, being committed and taking on responsibility in a few select activities is more important than the being a member of 50 clubs. Take on leadership roles. Whether you run for president of student council or volunteer to be the school dance chairman, challenge yourself to take on a leadership role in your activities. Not only does this demonstrate your responsibility, it can be a great learning experience. Organize your activities. Keep a record of your involvements beginning your freshman year of high school. Be sure to note leadership roles, the number of hours spent on each community service activity, jobs you have held, etc. All of these things will be important when it comes time to apply for college and scholarships! It is a good idea to keep descriptions of each of your activities along with the amount of time you dedicated to each one. This will help you stay organized before completing college applications, so that you can tweak them, and put your best foot forward for the college. Common Application Activities Instructions The Common Application allows you to list 10 activities on your application. This is a very important section of the application, so you want to present your activities in the most comprehensive way. Some colleges will allow you to submit an additional resume. This is helpful to the college only if you have more than 10 activities to let the college know about. The layout of each Common Application Activity is as follows: Activity type (this has a dropdown menu of activities) Position/Leadership description and organization name, if applicable You can use 50 characters in this box. Be sure to do a very complete description. Sample #1: Captain(12) Member(9-11) St. Thomas Debate Team Sample #2 – Volunteer(9-12) St. Sebastian Parish Soup Kitchen Please describe this activity, including what you accomplished and any recognition you received, etc. You are allowed 150 characters for this topic, some complete as completely as possible. Sample #1: Active participant in Lincoln Douglas Debate on the national level, competition winner state level and local level, help raise over $5,000 for team. Sample #2: Assist with food donations, food preparation, serving meals and cleanup to feed over 150 homeless families each month. Participation Grades List all grades in which you have participated in this activity. Timing of Participation During school year, during school break, or all year. Hours spent per week/Weeks spent per year It may be difficult to complete these, as some activities are not every week; however, you must fill in the blanks indicated above, so estimate the hours you spend on each activity and divide between these two blanks. I intend to participate in a similar activity in college Yes or No Letters of Recommendation Many colleges ask for one or two academic teacher recommendations. Think hard about which teachers to ask. It doesn&rsquo;t have to necessarily be a class in which you got an &ldquo;A&rdquo;, but could be a class in which you greatly improved. Some colleges also allow you to submit &ldquo;Other Recommenders&rdquo; which may be a coach, boss, etc. Read each college admissions website to determine how many letters of recommendation each college requires/allows. The Common Application also has very clear guidelines for each college. Many public universities, including the majority of our Florida public state universities do not look at letters of recommendation. This is clarified on each college admissions website. Students should select up to two teachers to write recommendations or complete application materials on their behalf (if needed). Like transcript requests, teacher recommendations also require a MINIMUM of TWO WEEKS notice prior to the deadline. The student must ask the recommender if he/she is requesting an online recommendation and/or form. A copy must also be given to the School Counseling &amp; College Advising office for the student&rsquo;s file. You must ask your teachers in person and provide them with a copy of your resume prior to requesting them through your Scoir account. Teachers will be submitting all of their recommendation letters electronically through Scoir. College Interviews Some colleges conduct student interviews, either on campus or by local alumni. Read the college admissions website carefully regarding interviews – some are only offered if you apply by a certain date. You cannot prepare for every question that might be asked in an interview, but you can anticipate a few and have an idea of how you might answer. However, be careful; an overly rehearsed answer will come across as disingenuous and insincere. Be sure to be aware of current events in case you are asked. Some of the questions to prepare for include the following: What do you think is our most pressing social issue in the Unites States right now? Why do you want to go to this college? What do you know about this college? How did you come to include us among your choices? What have you read recently? Tell me about your school, your high school experience. What activities are you involved in at school, out of school? Describe your family, your background. What was the last cultural event you attended, or what have you done or seen lately? Who and/or what has influenced you the most? Any heroes? What are your academic goals, your career goals? Are there any significant events or challenges you have had to overcome? What significant accomplishments or rewards have you received? What accomplishment are you most proud? Describe your favorite subject/teacher? What makes a good teacher? Be sure to have a couple of your own questions about the college prepared in case they ask you if you have any. Here are a few samples: I noticed that ( a program you’re interested in ) has these ( benefits, criteria, rewards, etc. ) for students. Can you tell me more about it? What does the college do to assist students with career planning, internships, and future job placement? Why should I choose your college? What advice would you give me as an incoming freshman? At the end of your interview look the interviewer in the eyes, smile and thank them. Send them a thank you note or email after the interview. Mention something specific you discussed in the interview and reiterate your interest while thanking them for meeting with you. Frequently Asked Questions What are Some of the Different Types of Applications? Common Application : A type of application used by multiple colleges and universities. Website Application: You will apply directly through the college or university website. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Where do I start? Log into your Scoir account to follow the colleges you are interested in. From here, you can click on each college&rsquo;s website to determine what you will need for their specific application. What will I need? The College Application Handbook will help walk you through the entire process. What is S coir ? Scoir is your comprehensive college application planning tool. It is how you will request letters of recommendation and organize your applications. It can also be used to search for colleges based on specific criteria such as location and majors. What is the SSAR ? SSAR stands for Student Self-Reported Academic Record. A few colleges may ask you to complete the SSAR instead of sending your official high school transcript. You will need a copy of your transcript to enter all of the courses you have taken since freshman year, your grades and current senior schedule. Paying for College Yes, college is more expensive than ever before; however, there is a lot of aid available. Be sure to apply for aid, and apply early, and there may be more money available for you than you think!!! Read the Financial Aid page of each college website to be sure you are submitting any necessary forms to be eligible for financial aid at each college. Types of Scholarships Need Based Aid Scholarship and Financial Aid Resources Types of Scholarships Most scholarships are merit-based, based upon something the student does well, such as academics, sports or talent. Most are not need-based, your income does not come into the picture. College Scholarships These can be the most money, sometimes c
