URL: https://www.aquinas-sta.org/admissions/scholarships
ORG: St Thomas Aquinas HS college advising - Scholarships
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scholarships - St. Thomas Aquinas High School Home CODE OF ETHICS Discover STA Open House Parent/Student Handbook Archdiocese of Miami Mission and Catholic Identity Aquinas at a Glance History and Tradition National Blue Ribbon STEAMS Competition Raider Review Directory School Calendar Visitor Policy Transportation Campus Store Careers Contact Us Admissions Apply Tuition &amp; Financial Aid Scholarships Academic Scholars HSPT Exam Academics School Counseling &amp; College Advisement College Advising Academic Advising Academic Profile (opens in new window/tab) Exceptional Student Services Curriculum Transcript Request Summer Institute Honor Societies Academic Scholars Summer Reading Cambridge Education Student Life Service Silver Knights Clubs &amp; Activities Fine Arts Leadership Cafeteria Cailini STEM @ STA Support STA Robotics Athletics (opens in new window/tab) Athletics Home (opens in new window/tab) SUMMER CAMPS (opens in new window/tab) News &amp; Media Academic News Athletic News Student Life Community News Social Media Supporting STA Bienes Center for the Arts About Bienes Center for the Arts Contact &amp; Directions Ticketing &amp; Seating Facility Information CANVAS LOGIN (opens in new window/tab) Summer Reading (opens in new window/tab) Home CODE OF ETHICS Discover STA About STA With over 80 years of Catholic Education, Tradition, and Excellence thrive on the campus of St. Thomas Aquinas High School. Dear God, Through the intercession of St. Thomas Aquinas, grant us a mind to know you, a heart to seek you, the wisdom to find you and the hope of embracing you. We ask this through Christ our Lord. St. Thomas Aquinas, Pray for Us. Open House Parent/Student Handbook Archdiocese of Miami Mission and Catholic Identity Aquinas at a Glance History and Tradition National Blue Ribbon STEAMS Competition Raider Review Directory School Calendar Visitor Policy Transportation Campus Store Careers Contact Us Admissions Admissions The choice of a high school becomes a defining factor for the future of any 8th grade student. STA attempts to make the transition from one high school to another as easy as possible. Apply Tuition &amp; Financial Aid Scholarships Academic Scholars HSPT Exam Academics Academics Academic excellence remains the solid foundation of this tradition-rich school. School Counseling &amp; College Advisement College Advising Academic Advising Academic Profile (opens in new window/tab) Exceptional Student Services Curriculum Transcript Request Summer Institute Honor Societies Academic Scholars Summer Reading Cambridge Education Student Life Activities With various opportunities available to get involved, students gain skills and advance in their academic pursuits while they enjoy building strong connections with other students. Service Silver Knights Clubs &amp; Activities Fine Arts Leadership Cafeteria Cailini STEM @ STA Athletics (opens in new window/tab) Athletics The Athletic Department, under the guidance of Athletic Director Twan Russell, his outstanding staff of dedicated coaches, and the participation of so many talented athletes on various teams, is celebrating another incredible year of achievements. Athletics Home (opens in new window/tab) SUMMER CAMPS (opens in new window/tab) News &amp; Media News &amp; Media Explore all that STA has to offer and stay informed on the latest updates, news and insider stories. Academic News Athletic News Student Life Community News Social Media Supporting STA Bienes Center for the Arts About Bienes Center for the Arts Contact &amp; Directions Ticketing &amp; Seating Facility Information CANVAS LOGIN (opens in new window/tab) Summer Reading (opens in new window/tab) Navigation Apply Tuition &amp; Financial Aid Scholarships Academic Scholars HSPT Exam SCHOLARSHIP OPPORTUNITIES While St. Thomas Aquinas High School does not offer scholarship opportunities, students have the chance to distinguish themselves academically through the Veritas Scholar program. This program recognizes exceptional achievement on the High School Placement Test (HSPT) and encourages students to enroll in challenging courses while maximizing their academic potential. Additionally, STA is committed to ensuring that a high-quality education is accessible to all students, regardless of financial circumstances. As such, STA offers financial aid options for families who demonstrate financial need. Through these avenues, STA aims to support and empower students in their pursuit of academic excellence and personal growth. For more information about the Veritas Scholars Program visit our page on this website or contact us . For information about Financial Aid, please contact the Tuition Office by calling 954-581-0700 Accreditations Inquire Notice of a Data Security Incident Giving Apply St. Thomas Aquinas St. Thomas Aquinas High School 2801 SW 12th Street Ft. Lauderdale Florida 33312 Contact Us Site Map Directions Privacy Policy Facebook (opens in new window/tab) Twitter (opens in new window/tab) YouTube (opens in new window/tab) LinkedIn (opens in new window/tab) Powered by Finalsite 
