URL: https://vinerscholars.org/scholarship-program/#fouryearscholarship
ORG: Viner Scholars - Four Year Scholarship
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scholarship Program &#8211; Viner Scholars Home About Us Viner Scholars Presentation Our History Our Core Values Board of Directors Financial Information Scholarship Program Four Year Scholarship Technical College Scholarship High School Partners Current Scholars Other Scholarship Resources Volunteer Opportunities Mentorship Program Mentor Training Apply Today! Mentor Program Resources News &#038; Events Fundraisers Events Newsletters Our Partners Contact Us Donate Now Press enter to begin your search Scholarship Program The Viner Community Scholarship Program Since 2015, Eda &amp; Cliff Viner Community Scholars Foundation , a 501(c)3, has been providing 4 year scholarships to public Florida Universities or Colleges to academically deserving High School students in South Palm Beach County who have financial needs and are community service driven. In addition to the 4 year scholarship, the foundation has established a mentoring program. All students are assigned a mentor to guide and support them through their college experience. In addition, a network of social service agencies and professional organizations are available to assist students with critical needs that may arise during their college years. This is a Last Dollar scholarship – students must access all other potential sources of financial aid first. The scholarship will cover tuition and room &amp; board expenses that are not already covered by other financial aid, up to $10k per year, per student. The scholars partnership board consisting of prominent members representing the diversity of our community will review all applications and interview the chosen applicants. After interviews the board will select the new scholars. Four Year Scholarship Requirements: High school SENIOR who attends one of our partner community high schools in Palm Beach County Non-weighted cumulative GPA of 3.0 or above Demonstrates financial need 100 + hours of community service or have worked during high school Must be attending Florida public college or university Must be either a U.S. citizen or have the necessary legal documentation to reside and study in the United States HOW TO APPLY: Complete the scholarship application using the link on our homepage or the link below You do not need to complete in one sitting. The application saves your progress as you complete the steps, allowing you to login and out of the application The earlier you try to complete the application, the easier it is for us to notify you if something is missing. The application requires you to answer basic questions and a few more in depth questions for us to better get to know you. You will also be required to upload the following: A copy of completed FAFSA Submission Report and a copy of the first page (form 1040) of your parents&#8217; most recent tax return to demonstrate financial need. A copy of SAT/ACT score sheet A copy of your college acceptance letter from the Florida public university or college you plan on attending You must also ask your guidance counselor to email your high school transcript to info@vinerscholars.org. Apply Here! Application Period: December 8th, 2025 &#8211; to March 8th, 2026 Technical College Scholarship Sponsored by: The Technical College Scholarship is currently offered exclusively to seniors at Atlantic Community High School who plan to enroll in a career program at Palm Beach State College (PBSC) . This program is designed to support students pursuing an alternative pathway to a successful career outside of the traditional four-year college route. Our goal is to help students complete their program and launch their careers debt-free, while gaining the skills and training needed for long-term success. Requirements: High school seniors (12th graders) who attend Atlantic Community High School Must be attending a career program at PBSC Must have a minimum 2.0 unweighted GPA Demonstrate financial need HOW TO APPLY: Complete the application below Must upload a copy of parents&#8217; latest tax return (Page 1 only) Must upload PBSC acceptance letter Have your high school send an official transcript emailed directly to the foundation Technical College Scholarship Application Application Period: January 22, 2026 &#8211; March 8, 2026 High School Partners American Heritage High School Atlantic Community High School Boca Raton Community High School Boynton Beach Community High School Donna Klein Jewish Academy Dr. Joaquín Garcia Community High School Inlet Grove Community High School Katz Yeshiva High School Olympic Heights Community High School Saint John Paul II High School Spanish River Community High School Suncoast Community High School Village Academy of Delray West Boca Raton Community High School Current Scholars' Requirements and Scholarship Renewal Forms The Viner Scholarship is renewable each year dependent on the scholar continuing to meet certain criteria. To confirm that you are eligible to receive the scholarship for another year, please follow the steps below: Scholarship Renewal Application Includes (to be completed in summer) Request an official transcript to be mailed directly to the Foundation. Requirements are to maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA and be enrolled full-time which is considered a minimum of 12 credit hours per semester. Upload a completed Community Service Form: Requirements are to perform and document a minimum of 25 hours of community service per college school year (Fall &amp; Spring semesters) Upload new Financial Aid Package for the following school year to include all grants and scholarships Submit Monthly Mentor Logs (Minimum of once a week contact during first semester of college then twice a month for the continuation of your college semesters) Failure to complete the renewal package may result in a late scholarship disbursement or cancellation of your scholarship. If you plan to transfer schools, please notify us as early as possible to allow time to process the change and avoid a significant delay in your scholarship. Eda &amp; Cliff Viner Community Scholars Foundation, Inc. 777 Yamato Road, Suite 300 Boca Raton, FL 33431 info@vinerscholars.org Community Service Forms Other Scholarship Search Resources There is no need to pay a search service to find scholarships for you because there is a wealth of information available free of charge on numerous websites. Rather than listing individual scholarship websites, we have listed several credible national scholarship search sites below to assist you with beginning your search. ​ FinAid on the Web The College Board FastWeb StudentScholarshipSearch.com GoCollege: The Collegiate Websource SmartScholar Ultimate Guide to College Scholarships​ Community Foundation of the Palm Beaches DONATE NOW OUR MISSION Educating and inspiring compassionate young leaders to develop strong character with a vision for success. OUR VISION To successfully lead accomplished graduates out into the world, who contribute to their families and communities. CONTACT INFO 777 Yamato Road, Suite 300 Boca Raton, FL 33431 Phone: (561) 544-4436 Email: info@vinerscholars.org © Copyright 2020. Eda &amp; Cliff Viner Community Scholars Foundation, Inc. Privacy Policy Website Design by Green Arrow Home About Us Viner Scholars Presentation Our History Our Core Values Board of Directors Financial Information Scholarship Program Four Year Scholarship Technical College Scholarship High School Partners Current Scholars Other Scholarship Resources Volunteer Opportunities Mentorship Program Mentor Training Apply Today! Mentor Program Resources News &#038; Events Fundraisers Events Newsletters Our Partners Contact Us &#8220; The Viner Scholarship Program means that Dreams Can be True. Many students have a hard time with college, especially immigrants like me. This program is all about supporting a future for all students with different backgrounds so we can make the difference for the world to come. The Viner Scholarship Program is the reason I am able to move forward in life. This program has opened so many doors to me that now I have the opportunity to take chances that only a few were able to take. Viner Scholar Program is the bases of my success, whether in emotional support, financial support, or guidance in my journey. Diego Gama &times; Since 2018, we have partnered with the Stanley G. Tate Florida Prepaid College Foundation. Thanks to their support, as of 2023 we have awarded 117 students with Florida Prepaid scholarships. &times; &#8220; To me, The Viner Scholarship Program means hope. The Viner family has done unimaginable work with not just their scholars, but across generations and communities. This scholarship has inspired and instilled a sense of determination and grit in not just its scholars, but the families of them as well. The Viners Scholarship Program has helped me in many ways, one way in particular is through mentorship. My mentor is someone who I hold close to my heart! Since our first interaction my mentor Jackie and I have had a strong connection. The Viner family feels like a second family to me, like my very own mother - they have been so proud of my accomplishments. Thank you to the Viner’s, love always. Ryan Rankine &times; &#8220; The Viner Scholarship Program has served me with a community full of unending support that begins with financial assistance and extends to a lifelong impact. By having both a Viner-assigned mentor who’s nurtured my growth and a collective of UCF Viner recipients to participate in scholar activities with, the Viner Scholarship has enriched my college experience with invaluable opportunities and an undeniably supportive community. Being relieved of the weight of financial responsibility as a first-generation student, I have been able to fully immerse myself in my academic achievements and gain experience in my field through internships and networking. The fact that my mentor was specifically chosen with the consideration of our compatibility showcased another instance of just how much this foundation cares about the well-being of each of its recipients. Eda and Cliff Viner truly invest in all aspects of their recipients’ futures to ensure our success, and I couldn’t be more appreciative of their long-term investment in me. Aaliyah Ali &times; &#8220; The Viner Scholarship Program supports my dreams. I am able to pursue my passions without having to worry about finances. Beyond supporting my education financially, the Viner Scholarship Program has paired me with an amazing mentor that has grown to be my confidant and motivator. Bridging the college education gap while allowing scholars who are transcending into their adulthood to pursue their passions epitomizes the mission of Viner. To me, Viner is a new beginning. A year ago I was starting my first semester at community college, now I am attending my dream nursing school, the University of Central Florida’s College of Nursing, debt-free. I was able to graduate summa cum laude with an AA in health sciences, and I am now pursuing my BSN. I will become a registered nurse, and upon experience and more schooling, a nurse anesthetist. There is nothing you cannot achieve, no matter the cards you were dealt or the struggles you face. The sky isn’t the limit, look beyond the stars. Marcia Elien &times; &#8220; Going to college would still be a dream without the Viner Scholarship Program; the support from the foundation has been invaluable. Also, it brought me together with people full of value and new knowledge, people willing to give and receive. I feel very humble and thankful because of that! It is a responsibility and a blessing, because you have the opportunity to achieve your goals and continuously prove yourself as a good and active student and member of the academic world. The future engineers, doctors, economists or entrepreneurs are looking at you during the whole process, that's why maintaining the highest standards is a must. Andres Paez &times; &#8220; I am forever grateful to the Viner Foundation for supporting me in my academic career. Because of the scholarship, I am able to focus on my education at the University of Central Florida and not worry about paying my tuition. I am also forever grateful for the relationship I have with my mentor. She has been the greatest gift ever, and I'm so glad I have her support throughout this experience and beyond. I have been able to excel in school and give back to my community by volunteering at different organizations in Orlando. Giving back and helping others is my passion and I hope after I graduate, I will be able to go to graduate school to get my master's. I am forever grateful for the Viner Foundation and for what they have done for my family and me. Sydney Salk &times; 
