URL: https://coralspringsgardenclub.org/scholarships/
ORG: Women at the Well Broward scholarships - Garden Club Scholarship
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scholarships Help our Graduates Pursue Their Dream - Coral Springs Garden Club Follow Follow Follow Home About Programs Events Membership Giving Back Scholarships Seed Exchange Yard of the Month Contact Scholarships Help our Graduates Pursue Their Dream The Garden Club of Coral Springs Scholarship Endowment Fund was established in 2006 to provide a way for donors to make tax deductible gifts and also allow GCCS to create and maintain a sizable scholarship fund. The Garden Club of Coral Springs, Inc. is a non-profit organization/charity, operating under rules specified in Section 501C (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donors find the Garden Club of Coral Springs, Inc. an attractive beneficiary in their estate planning. Funds solicited from members, friends and corporations, as well as gifts of cash, stocks, antiques, trusts and insurance are welcomed. As our fund increases, we will offer additional scholarships. Each year our Garden Club holds a fundraiser to benefit this scholarship fund and to support our organization and its many educational, environmental and horticultural activities. Donations are gratefully accepted throughout the year. The Garden Club of Coral Springs, Inc. Scholarships for Broward County High School Seniors and a Graduate Student Thank you for your interest in a GCCS, Inc. Scholarship and accompanying Award. We are very proud of our scholarship progr am which offers financial aid to High School Seniors entering a Florida College and majoring in fields of study related to the environment and horticulture. Please note that in order to be eligible you must be a USA citizen, Broward County resident, and be attending a school in Florida. These scholarships will be a check made out to the student and will not be deducted from their college scholarship, grant or loan package. Congratulations to our 2025 Scholarship Winners Isabella Ugalde , Coral Springs Charter School, recipient of the “Future Steward of the Environment Award and Vince Cebert Scholarship”. Isabella Zelaya, Pines Charter School, recipient of the &#8220;Future Steward of the Land Award” and Bonnie Brossard Scholarship&#8221; Sarah Liedtke, Florida Gulf Coast University, recipient of the &#8220;Marcy DiMare Scholarship&#8221; Please return completed application to: Garden Club of Coral Springs Scholarship Committee Chairperson Luanne Betz 8721 NW 18th Place Coral Springs, Fl. 33071 LuanneBetz@gmail.com Vince Cebert Environmental Scholarship ~”Future Steward of the Environment Award” A $1000 scholarship and award is offered to a deserving Broward county High School Senior. Requirements include a 3.0 GPA weighted cumulative average, to be seeking a major in an environmental science such as Agriculture Education, Horticulture, Landscape Design, Landscape Architecture, ASLA, Conservation, Botany, Habitat of Forestry/Systems Ecology, City (rural and urban) Planning, Green Design Architecture, Marine Biology, Wildlife Science, Ecology, Meteorology, Climate Action Global Warming, Air Quality Conservation, Endangered Species Protection, or a related subject at a two or four year Florida College or University and having financial need. Download: Vince Cebert Scholarship application form pdf below or or fill out your application online using the QR code. Download Application Bonnie Brossard Horticulture Scholarship ~ “Future Steward of the Land Award” A $1000 scholarship and award is offered to a deserving Broward county High School Senior. Requirements include a 3.0 GPA weighted cumulative average, to be seeking a major in the science of horticulture such as Horticulture, Floriculture, Botany, Agronomy (soil &amp; organic food), Plant Biology and Pathology, Ecology, Forester, Park Naturalist, Silviculturist (forest) Landscape Architect, ASLA, Arborist, Nursery and Greenhouse Management, Habitat Restoration Specialist, Urban and Regional Planner, Viticulturist (for wineries) or a related subject at a two or four year Florida College or University and having financial need. Download: Bonnie Brossard Scholarship application form pdf below or fill out your application online using the QR code. Download Application The Marcy Di Mare College Scholarship A $1000 scholarship and award is offered to a deserving full-time sophomore, junior, senior, or graduate student. The student must be a resident of Broward county, a US citizen, and attending a College or University in Florida. Requirements include a minimum 3.0 GPA cumulative average. Major course of study should be in the following areas: agriculture, biology, botany, conservation, ecology, forestry, horticulture, landscape design/architecture, city planning or related field. Download: The Marcy Di Mare College Scholarship application form pdf below. Download Application Donations and Contributions are a way of engaging in the life of an Organization Congratulations to our 2026 Scholarship Winners: Sarah Rose Liedtke, recipient of the Marcy DiMare Scholarship Lorelei Jaqueline Sverak , recipient of the “Future Steward of the Environment Award and Vince Cebert Scholarship”. Anabella Santore, recipient of the “Future Steward of the Land Award” and Bonnie Brossard Scholarship” Come grow with us and join The Garden Club of Coral Springs Join Now! The Garden Club of Coral Springs, Inc. PO Box 773334 Coral Springs, FL 33077 954-913-1616 
