URL: https://watwbroward.org/scholarships/
ORG: Women at the Well Broward scholarships
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scholarships &#8211; Women at the Well-Broward Inc Skip to content Women at the Well-Broward Inc Providing gender-based programs for girls and women transitioning back home. Menu Home About Us Kinship Care Navigator Help During the Holidays Our Teen Programs Free Test Preparation Tools Scholarships Gallery Women Re-Entry Programs Program Forms Let’s Get To Work! One Woman’s Treasure Closet Community Outreach Project Her FlowCare Turkey &#038; Toys Giveaway Did You Lose Health Insurance? Looking for a job? Housing Assistance Request Giving Opportunities Donate Out‑of‑School Food Support Program Recent Posts Post News &amp; Events Events Financial Literacy Scholarships Find and apply for as many scholarships as you can—it’s free money for college or career school! Start researching early, and meet deadlines, and you may be on your way to scholarship success. Scholarships are gifts. They don't need to be repaid. There are thousands of them, offered by schools, employers, individuals, private companies, nonprofits, communities, religious groups, and professional and social organizations. Check out some scholarships below. UNCF Scholarships UNCF has helped more than 500,000 students earn their college degrees since its founding. UNCF is the nation’s largest private scholarship provider to minority group members. Each year, we award more than $100 million in scholarships to students attending more than 1,100 schools across the country, including our prestigious network of 37 HBCUs . We also manage a variety of scholarship programs, such as the Fund II Foundation UNCF STEM Scholars Program , UNCF/Koch Scholars Program , K-12 Education Fellowship and the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Scholarship Program . Apply here: UNCF SCholarship Application UNCF General Scholarship Available to: College Freshmen through Graduate Students, Year 5 Award Amount: $5,000 The UNCF General Scholarship is available to undergraduate and graduate students attending a UNCF member college or university. You must have a minimum 2.5 GPA to be eligible for this award. For more Information: https://bit.ly/2DT8Drg Scholarships for Broward County Students Click Here: Broward Schools Scholarships The Garden Club of Coral Springs Scholarship Endowment Fund The Garden Club of Coral Springs, Inc. Scholarships for Coral Springs High School Seniors. The Garden Club of Coral Springs, Inc offers financial aid to High School Seniors entering a Florida College and majoring in fields of study related to the environment and horticulture. Please note that to be eligible you must be a USA citizen, a Coral Springs resident, and be enrolled in a Florida College. Apply here: Garden Club Scholarship Rent Free Housing for students - Scholarship Through rent-free housing and cooperative living , Southern Scholarship Foundation supports students who lack financial resources, demonstrate excellent academic merit, and exemplify good character attend institutions of higher education. Qualified students attending Florida A&amp;M University, Florida Gulf Coast University, Florida State University, Santa Fe College, Tallahassee Community College and the University of Florida are awarded scholarships in the form of rent-free housing. Rent-free housing and cooperative living, Southern Scholarship Foundation The Joe Francis Haircare Scholarship Foundation Applications are due June 1st. Submission of the online application is preferred, a however, if students experience great hardship in sourcing a computer, Joe Francis still offer a PDF version of the application to print and submit by mail. Students may request by email: contact@joefrancis.com or by calling 651.769.1757. Postmark deadline for mailed applications is June 1st. Apply for the Cosmetology or Barber School Scholarship: www.joefrancis.com AAUW Current Funding Opportunities Program sponsored by the American Association of University Women (AAUW) offering fellowships of $5,000 to $18,000 to women pursuing master’s degree programs in computer or information sciences. Awards based on academic excellence (40 percent), professional promise and personal attributes (50 percent), and financial need (10 percent). Priscilla Carney Jones Scholarship To award renewable scholarships to undergraduate students from historically underrepresented groups in the chemical sciences, majoring in chemistry-related disciplines and intending to pursue chemistry-related careers. M. Hildred Blewett Fellowship To enable women to return to physics research careers after having had to interrupt those careers. The fellowship consists of a one-year award of up to $45,000. Allowed expenses include dependent care (limited to 50% of the award), salary, travel, equipment, and tuition and fees. Overhead charges by the institution are not allowed. Science Ambassador Scholarship Funded by Cards Against Humanity, the Science Ambassador Scholarship is a $15,000 award to provide full tuition coverage for up to four years of study. Candidate must be a woman seeking an undergraduate degree in science, engineering or mathematics. Applicant must submit a video of herself explaining a topic in science she is passionate about. UNCF SCHOLARSHIPS, PROGRAMS, INTERNSHIPS, AND FELLOWSHIPS UNCF has helped more than 445,000 students graduate from college. UNCF is the nation’s largest private scholarship provider to minority group members. Each year, they award more than $100 million in scholarships to more than 10,000 students at more than 1,100 schools across the country, including their prestigious network of 37 HBCUs . Keep in mind that many UNCF scholarships require that you apply for financial aid. The best way to do so is by completing the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). For more information, click here . Click here to apply for UNCF Scholarships: https://scholarships.uncf.org/ Be the First to Know About UNCF Scholarships Text "FUNDS" to 50555 Follow Us Proudly powered by WordPress 
