URL: https://www.ccalumni-florida.com
ORG: Cornwall College Alumni Association Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Cornwall College Alumini Association of South Florida &#8211; The Cornwall College Alumni Association is one of the oldest continuously operating Jamaican High School alumni associations in South Florida. Our group is focused primarily on raising funds for our high school in Montego Bay, Jamaica and promoting the interest of its alumni here in South Florida. Below is a quick overview of the Association activities: Scholarship Track &#038; Field Scholarships Request Funds Connect Cornwallian Magazines Archives Helping to Transform Boys to Men of Might! Welcome to Cornwall College Alumni Association of South Florida. Learn More Give Cornwall College needs your help now! The school, the current students and the teachers all need the help of every ... Read More Connect We are a community that stays connected. A successful alumni body is critical for a successful Association... Read More Scholarships ... Read More A message from Cornwall College Alumni president... We are all heartbroken by the catastrophic impact of Hurricane Melissa on our beloved island home, Jamaica and the students and families that have been devastated in its wake. This storm has left a trail of destruction that has forever changed our landscape and devastated our communities. Many remain unaccounted for, and our hearts are heavy with concern for their safety. Many are now enduring the most extreme suffering from being unable to access basic life essentials of food and water. Please keep our Cornwall College family and the entire Jamaica in your prayers. In the midst of this tragedy, we must use all available resources to help in a massive recovery and rebuilding effort that will last many months and even years. Though we did not choose this moment, we believe we have been chosen for it—to stand in the gap, to rebuild, and to restore. Jamaica has long defied direct hits from hurricanes, but this Category 5 blow has rocked us to the core. Still, our spirit remains unbroken. $ 130,000 + Donated to the school since 2008 Read More We urge you give back to the... --Phillip Wallace Did You Know? [HomeCarousel] Learn more about the history of Cornwall College So Many Ways to Give Your Dollars Show You Care The school, the current students We appreciate any amount you can afford. It's easy to donate. Our donations are processed using PayPal, but you don't need a PayPal account to make your payment. Your donation is tax deductible. Learn more about how to donate. Fund a Scholarship It costs US$1,000 to send a child to Cornwall College for one year. Using this page you can donate the funds to give a scholarship to a needy student at Cornwall College. The goal of the scholarship is 10 Jamaican high school.... Learn more about sponsoring a child Supporting our young athletes school's track and field department is in dire need of financial support.. Learn more about contributing to track & field needs Event Sponsorship Our gratitude toward your commitment in helping us achieve our vision of supporting this great institution that touches the lives of countless future leaders cannot be overstated. Our sponsorship package includes various sponsorship opportunities for your consideration. We invite you review our sponsorship brochure and sponsorship commitment documents... Learn more about sponsorship Make a Donation Fund a Scholarship Track and Field Sponsorship Hear first hand what it means when you sponsor a child at Cornwall College. To promote academic excellence, and funding sources necessary to provide an impactful scholarship program at Cornwall College . Ensure efficient selection of recipients scholarship recipients throughout the program. Cornwall College Alumni Events Gallery All 2008 2011 2017 2018 2019 2021 2022 + 2022 2022 Dinner Dance + 2022 2022 Fish Fry + 2021 Family Fun Day + 2021 NY, Canada &#038; South Florida Old Boys deliver big!!! + 2021 Drive by Fish Fry + 2021 Science Lab upgrade launch + 2008 CC Alumni Sunday Brunch 2008 + 2008 Dinner Dance 2008 + 2011 Cornwall College Dinner Dance Presentation &#8211; 2011 + 2019 Dinner Dance 2019 + 2019 Dinner Dance Weekend &#8211; Meet and Greet + 2018 Dinner Dance 2018 + 2017 Family Picnic 2017 + 2017 Dinner Dance weekend 2017 + 2017 Dinner Dance 2017 Subscribe to our newsletter, "Men of Might" Submit your email address to be added to our mailing list and be alerted when a new issue is published. Leave this field empty if you&#039;re human: Frequently Asked Questions How can I become a member? All alumni of Cornwall College are welcome to join this Association. New members bring new ideas and fresh energy, both of which are important components for the continued success of any Association. The “typical” membership path is: 1st Year - member begins attending meetings and joins a committee. 2nd Year - member takes a leadership role in committee and considers running for a director position on the board. 3rd Year - member runs for board. 4th Year - if so inclined, member runs for senior board position such as President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, etc. Do I have to live in Florida to be a member? Becoming a member of the Cornwall College Alumni Association is the first step towards showing your support for the Association and Cornwall College. Florida residence is not required. How can I donate? We are happy you asked. Click on our link above that says "Give" and it will shows the many ways available for you to do so. What's the cost for membership? Membership to our association costs only $50 per year, paid via our PayPal link provided. Join today! Are scholarships available? Yes they are. Academic scholarships are designed to reward, encourage, and assist students financially while attending Cornwall College. Scholarships are awarded to students who demonstrate academic excellence, and leadership potential. Scholarships assist Cornwall College families cope with educational expenses such as Tuition, Books, Lunch, Transportation to and from school, etc. News and Announcements Inside at Cornwall College Alumni News and Announcements NY, Canada &#038; South Florida Old Boys push digital revolution at Cornwall College On Friday June 18, 2021, Cornwall College received a total of 115 Dell Latitude 14 inch laptop computers. The machines are a gift to the Read More » July 23, 2021 No Comments News and Announcements Announcing our 2021 Scholarships 2021 academic scholarships aimed at providing financial support to students at Cornwall Read More » July 7, 2021 No Comments News and Announcements Virtual College planning and career information session held On June 16, 2021, the Cornwall College Alumni Association of South Florida held a College Planning and Career Information session with the Executive Director of Read More » June 29, 2021 No Comments 151 N. Nob Hill Rd. Suite 199 Plantation, FL 33324 Our Links About Us Membership Scholarships 10, 2025 Cornwall College Alumni Association, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
