URL: https://nicholasdworetfund.org
ORG: Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Charity - Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund Inc. Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund Inc. 501c(3) Charity Home Donate Events Pics About Us Event Photos Sponsors News More Home Donate Events Pics About Us Event Photos Sponsors News Home Donate Events Pics About Us Event Photos Sponsors News Events Events 2026 Swim4NicK Free Swim Clinic Aug 23rd! Plantaion Pool Please register at the link belkow. Swim Clinic Registration 2026 Swim With Nick Ocean Race Sponsors! Announcement Regarding Online Store We have closed our online store. We still have Swim4Nick items that will be sold at all of our events. We appreciate your support! Find out more About Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund Inc. Our Mission Our Programs Our Mission At Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund Inc., our mission is to help swimmers be the best version of themselves. We are committed to continuing Nick's spirit of teamwork, sportsmanship, dedication, hard work, and love of family and friends. Our History Our Programs Our Mission Founded in 2018, Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund Inc. when Nick was one of 17 victims at Majority Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland Florida. From our pain we decided to create a charity to help the community and more importantly keep Nick's memory alive. Our Programs Our Programs Our Programs Our mission is to give back to the swim community that gave Nick his passion for the sport. We do this with college scholarships, free swim clinics, grants, swim lessons, and more. To date we have given more than $50,000 in scholarships and assistance to swimmers and their families! "I will train as hard as I can in and out of the water. Even on my hardest days I swear to give it my all, and let nothing stand in my way" -Nicholas Dworet About Us How We&#x27;re Helping We are a certified 501c (3) non-profit charity organization focused on helping make the world around us a better, happier place. Our mission is to keep Nick's memory alive by helping kids learn how to be better swimmers! Nick was always helping his friends and teammates be better. He wouldn't have it any other way. We will be hosting swim clinics that will provide FREE instruction to middle and high school aged boys and girls. We also provide financial assistance to needy families that need access to swimming lessons. In addition, we plan to provide college scholarships to swimmers at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School as well as other organizations! Our mission is just beginning and plan to add additional programs to help the local swim community in the future. The Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund has given away over $50,000 in scholarships and assistance to local swimmers. Help us by making a donation or purchasing something TODAY! How We&#x27;re Helping We are a certified 501c(3) non profit charity organization focused on helping make the world around us a better, happier place. Our mission is to keep Nick's memory alive by helping kids learn how to be better swimmers! Nick was always helping his friends and teammates be better. He wouldn't have it any other way. We will be hosting swim clinics that will provide FREE instruction to middle and high school aged boys and girls. We also provide financial assistance to needy families that need access to swimming lessons. In addition we plan to provide college scholarships to swimmers at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School as well as other organizations! Our mission is just beginning and plan to add additional programs to help the local swim community in the future. The Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund has given away over $50,000 in scholarships and assistance to local swimmers. Help us by making a donation or purchasing something TODAY! Get Involved Are you passionate about what we're doing? Let us know! We are always looking for volunteers to help us make our vision a reality. Our non profit charity will help you find a way to volunteer that best suits you. We can always use volunteer coaches and people to help with running our clinics. We're excited to have you join the #swim4nick team! Thank You Whether you help through monetary donations, volunteering your time, or spreading our mission through word-of-mouth, thank you. We couldn't accomplish our goals without the help of supporters like you. Donate Thank you for helping support Swim4Nick and our mission to help local swimmers with lessons, swim clinics, scholarships and more. Please go to the DONATE page to make an online donation. #swim4nick Social Sign up for our email list for events and news. Sign Up Now! Ryan Lochte Nick Dworet Video Video of Ryan Lochte dedicating his 2020 Olympic bid to Nicholas Dworet Featured Products #swim4nick Shop Now! Copyright © 2025 Nicholas Dworet Memorial Fund Inc. 501c(3) - All Rights Reserved. Powered by Donate
