URL: https://www.thyrassanctuary.org
ORG: Thyras Sanctuary Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Thyra&#x27;s Sanctuary Thyra&#39;s Sanctuary Thyra&#x27;s Sanctuary Thyra&#x27;s Sanctuary Thyra&#x27;s Sanctuary Home Our Rescues In Memoriam Contact Us What We Do Our Team More Home Our Rescues In Memoriam Contact Us What We Do Our Team Thyra&#39;s Sanctuary Thyra&#x27;s Sanctuary Thyra&#x27;s Sanctuary Thyra&#x27;s Sanctuary Home Our Rescues In Memoriam Contact Us What We Do Our Team Welcome Welcome to Thyra's Sanctuary where we provide care, love and a forever home to the neglected, abused and abandoned. DONATE About Us ABOUT US We are a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization located in central Florida that serves as a sanctuary for homeless animals. The sanctuary was founded in 2014 by Lisa Thyra Ericson who was named after her Swedish-American paternal grandmother who loved animals, Thyra (pronounced teer-ah) came to the U.S. from Sweden and was orphaned at age 5 along with a younger sister after her parents died. She was an animal whisperer who attracted wildlife and animals of all kinds. Thyra's Sanctuary provides a forever home for the neglected, unwanted, abused or abandoned pet. Many of our residents were on euthanasia lists. We believe these animals deserve better and so our sanctuary will be a forever home to any animal we take in. With the exception of our birds, none of our animals are caged and have plenty of room to roam and play. All animals get regular vet care, meals specific to their needs, and plenty of love from our staff. Our sanctuary staff are all advocates of spay/neuter programs, as well as holistic treatments and the prevention of unnecessary euthanasia. We are also active in the care of community/feral cats. We believe that education is the best tool in animal rescue and strive to constantly stay up to date on all things related to animal care. UPDATES Thyra's Sanctuary is no longer accepting any new animals for intake. Feel free to contact us for recommendations but please know that most shelters/rescues are full or over capacity and may not be able to help. Thank You Whether you help through monetary donations or spreading our mission through word-of-mouth, we thank you. We could not accomplish our goals without the help of supporters like you. Help us save lives 100% of your donation will go towards caring for the animals at Thyra's Sanctuary. Together, we can make a difference! DONATE NOW Copyright © 2018 Thyra's Sanctuary Inc - All Rights Reserved. Powered by
