URL: https://sheriffsfoundationofbroward.org
ORG: Sheriffs Foundation Of Broward County Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Sheriff&#8217;s Sheriff&#8217;s Awards Sheriff&#8217;s Foundation Medallion Foundation&#8217;s BSO Personnel Of The Year Special Recognitions Circle of Merit Foundation Sheriff&#8217;s Scholarship Fund BSO K-9 4 Sheriff&#8217;s Sheriff&#8217;s Awards Sheriff&#8217;s Foundation Medallion Foundation&#8217;s BSO Personnel Of The Year Special Recognitions Circle of Merit Foundation Sheriff&#8217;s Scholarship Fund BSO K-9 4 Our Causes Any donation amount would be greatly appreciated even if you can’t physically attend a fundraising event. Walk like MADD SFBC is a proud sponsor of Walk Like MADD &amp; MADD Dash Fort Lauderdale 5K. This is an event uniting the community for a day of purpose and fun. Held near Huizenga Plaza, participants joined in person and virtually to support MADD’s mission to end impaired driving. Hosted by MADD’s Southeast Florida Chapter, the event raised vital funds and awareness for safer roads and stronger communities. &#036;0.00 donated View Details Donate Now Back to School Youth Program With back-to-school season quickly approaching, we’re preparing for several upcoming initiatives to help local kids start the school year strong. Your early donation can make a meaningful difference—providing supplies, support, and opportunities to the children who need them most. &#036;0.00 donated View Details Donate Now Shopping with the Sheriff Every December, SFBC in partnership with BSO, treat children from all across Broward County to this special event with the Sheriff with gifts for their friends and families. &#036;9,400.00 donated View Details Donate Now Fallen Heros SFBC provides financial assistance to the families and loved ones at the time of death of a deputy or fire-rescue officer. Read more Anti-Terrorism The Sheriff’s Foundation is tasked to oversee the expenditure of funds specifically donated for use by the domestic security task force. Read more Mental Health Summit This summit brings together the leading mental health providers in South Florida to discuss and examine issues relating to mental health in Broward County. Read more Who Are We? The Sheriff’s Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 1999 and the four pillars of our mission are: Anti-Terrorism We manage restricted federal funds for anti-terrorism initiatives of the Broward Sheriff’s Office; Fallen Heroes We collect and manage donations to memorial funds for the benefit of the surviving families of Broward Sheriff’s deputies and fire rescue personnel killed in the line of duty; Training We fund and support indispensable training programs for Broward Sheriff’s Office personnel not funded under the county’s budget; Crime Prevention/Civic Education We fund and support crime prevention/civic education programs of the Broward Sheriff’s Office and other local nonprofit organizations. Latest News Stay up to date with our latest news and events Sheriff’s Foundation of Broward Proudly Supports MADD Kickoff Event By administrator February 12, 2026 The Sheriff’s Foundation of Broward County was honored to attend and support the recent Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) Kickoff event, standing... View Details Shopping With the Sheriff 2025 By administrator December 17, 2025 Here's to another exciting year of Shopping with the Sheriff. Elevating the spirit of giving to extraordinary heights! Sheriff Dr. Gregory Tony... View Details Another Way We Make an Impact! By administrator September 24, 2025 The World Rescue Organisation (WRO) The Broward Sheriff’s Office Fire Rescue Advanced Life Support (ALS) Team was selected as one of only three U.S. teams to... View Details Charity Overview The Sheriff&#8217;s Foundation of Broward County dedicated to supporting our local Sheriff&#8217;s office and training, educating and giving back to those we serve. 0 ANTI-TERRORISM DEFENSE 1,600,000 Donated to Anti-Terrorism Defense 0 MENTAL HEALTH INITIATIVES 44,000 donated in 2018-2019 to Mental Health Initiatives 0 CRIME-PREVENTION PROGRAMS 27,000 Donated in 2018-2019 to Crime-Prevention Programs Make a Donation Now Subscribe to our newsletter Email (required) * Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank. By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe&reg; link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact OUR SPONSORS The Sheriff’s Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 1999
