URL: https://www.ccalumni-florida.com/scholarships/
ORG: Cornwall College Alumni Association Inc - Scholarships
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Scholarships &#8211; Scholarship Track &#038; Field Scholarships Request Funds Connect Cornwallian Magazines Archives Scholarships Mission of Excellence 10 Jamaican high school. Our #1 Goals To promote academic excellence To pursue funding sources necessary to provide an impactful scholarship program at Cornwall College Ensure efficient selection of recipients scholarship recipients throughout the program Who's eligible Student whose conduct meets school requirement Student that demonstrate a financial need Minimum 80 percent Year Average per transcript Grade Point Average greater or equal to 3.2 Enrolled at Cornwall College for at least a year prior to the award of the scholarship Student who is not a current recipient of another scholarship The application process will be managed by the CCAA scholarship team in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the CCAA Scholarship Program. 5 Step On How to Apply For Scholarship Online Application Form Complete application form at the link below. Click to Apply School Transcript Email electronic copies of the school transcripts for the current and previous school term to scholarships@ccalumni-florida.com Upload Applicant Photo Email a front-facing photograph with the head centered and shoulders visible to scholarships@ccalumni-florida.com Financial Need Affidavit Email a letter from parent(s) explaining financial need with applicable proof to scholarships@ccalumni-florida.com School &amp; Community Recommendations Email three recommendations from a community leader, school and peer.a) Community recommendations should be from Community Leader Pastor Justice of the Peace or outstanding member of the community b) School recommendations should be from Teacher Guidance Counselor The principal or other members of the school administration/staff c) Peer recommendation. Recommendations cannot be from any family members. All emails should be sent to scholarships@ccalumni-florida.com. Important Dates July 1: Advertise the availability of scholarships August 1: Deadline for applications August 15: Complete the selection and notify recipients September: Award ceremony (1st week of school) Terms and Conditions There shall be two (2) types of scholarships, renewable and non-renewable. Renewable: There shall be two (2) scholarships per class starting at 8th grade through 13th grade for a total of 12 awardees. Each scholarship will renew yearly for the maximum number of years enrolled at the institution and satisfy the criteria of the program. If a scholarship awardee is withdrawn from the program, then another awardee will be selected at the same grade. Non-renewable: There shall be one-time scholarships. Each candidate will need to apply for successive years. Individual award amount: Maximum $1,000 USD. Eligible recipients must be current students of Cornwall College. All expenses covered by the scholarship must be academic-related. Qualified expenses are tuition and fees required for enrollment, or fees, books, uniform, supplies and equipment required for courses at Cornwall College. Other allowed expense items are the cost of tutoring, transportation to and from school, lunch and computer devices for distance learning and homework purposes. The family members of the CCAA officers, directors, and major donors may apply for a scholarship but there shall be no preferential treatment for the selection for an award. No CCAA member should benefit privately from the selection of a scholarship awardee. Scholarship team members are responsible for disclosing any relationships (family or friend) with potential scholarship awardees or applicants and will automatically be excluded from the selection process and any decisions for that applicant to prevent a perception of bias. To remain a qualified scholarship fund, the donor must adhere to the rules as specified in this scholarship plan and IRS 501c3 standards for scholarships. Scholarship awards must be made on a nondiscriminatory basis. Any funds raised or earmarked for the scholarship fund must be used on scholarship awards or related costs to administer the scholarship to protect the non-profit status of the organization. Record Collection and Retention The following must be collected and kept securely for six (6) years from the date of the award. All information related to the evaluation of applicants Amount and purpose of each scholarship Any follow-up information obtained in supervising awards Copies of materials used to solicit contributions from donors Communication Notify other CCOBA chapters of award recipients to avoid a single recipient getting multiple awards. Program Evaluation Annual reviews and reporting to CCAA board. Scholarship summary or newsletter each year **Incomplete applications will not be processed Maintaining a Scholarship Academic Performance GPA &gt; 3.2 Current Year Average &gt;= 80 Exam Average &gt;= 80 Conduct Minimally Good conduct Attendance Sessions Absent: Less than 5 per term Sessions Late: Less than 5 per term Financial Support The student candidate must not have a scholarship offer or currently the recipient for funding of any kind from another CCOBA chapter. Scholarships can be rescinded if a student fails to disclose any existing scholarships. Mentor Feedback The mentor feedback will be considered for renewal of the scholarship. School Progress Report Email term report at the end of the term to scholarships@ccalumni-florida. com Student Progress Report Complete student progress update form at the link below. Click to submit progress update Satisfactory Performance Selection criteria must be met to receive an award for the next year. Disqualification Expulsion from school Selection Criteria not maintained throughout the term Conduct unbecoming of a good student Payout Process: 1. Student discuss payout need with Mentor 2. Student/Parent collects invoice or estimate from Vendor for expense 3. Student/Parent submit an online request for payout via https://forms.gle/ NhzG75QGfFuTn5RV9 . Note that an invoice or estimate is required when submitting payouts. Lunch and transportation are exceptions to this rule. 4. Scholarship Team validate and approve payout as an approved expense 5. Scholarship Team requests payout via wire or check from JMMB 6. CCAA finance approve payout request through JMMB workflows. 7. Parent verifies receipt of funds in their bank account via wire OR picks up bank check (with government issued ID) from JMMB bank to pay vendor OR cash at the bank. JMMB bank is located on 25 Church Street, Montego Bay. Contact Details CCAA Scholarship Committee Cornwall College Alumni Association 151 North Nob Hill Road Plantation, FL 33324 scholarships@ccalumni-florida. com For further details regarding how to Fund a scholarship. Click here to Fund a Scholarship 151 N. Nob Hill Rd. Suite 199 Plantation, FL 33324 Our Links About Us Membership Scholarships 10, 2025 Cornwall College Alumni Association, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
