URL: https://www.verenafoundation.org
ORG: Verena Foundation
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Verena Foundation 0 Skip to Content About Edu-Planet Our Commitment A Tree For Our Planet Arts The Foundation Contact Us DONATE Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu About Edu-Planet Our Commitment A Tree For Our Planet Arts The Foundation Contact Us DONATE About Folder: Edu-Planet Back Our Commitment A Tree For Our Planet Arts The Foundation Contact Us DONATE We support artists, athletes, and researchers by providing them the assistance and mentorship they need. Subscribe Email Address Sign Up Thank you! A Tree For Our Planet Project Initiative: With each $5 you donate, we will plant one tree in your name or the name of your loved ones. Learn More Dreaming big We had a dream to contribute to the Arts and to help to educate about the environment. Supporting the arts We want to give a platform for artists of all kinds.Through grants we want to help the not so fortunate ones to be part of the Arts. Protecting us, people Climate change is not primarily about the planet, but us people. No planet, no people. Dream Verena foundation was created to encourage and help implement your dreams by providing you with financial support. Stay strong in your visions, let the dreams prevail and you will be rewarded with whatever you are looking for. LEARN MORE AND GET IN TOUCH See Look around you, what are the so-called realities? Are they trying to create big obstacles to block your dreams? Look clearly and closely, observe, analyze, and realize. LEARN MORE AND APPLY FOR ASSISTANCE Act Go out and implement your dreams. Stay strong in your visions, let the dreams prevail and you will be rewarded with whatever you are looking for. Contact us if you’d like to exhibit your work with us or if need our support in curating your show. We can also provide assistance in the creation of your art project. VIEW THE COLLECTION AND CONTACT US The Balam Reserve: The Net-Zero Edutainment Community of the 21st Century Learn More Donate Home About Arts Edu-Planet The Foundation Contact Us Subscribe Sign up to receive news and updates. Email Address Sign Up Registered in Nevada &amp; Florida ( USA ), Belize ( Central America ) Thank you!
