URL: https://stjohncc.org
ORG: Arriving Home Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Saint John the Baptist Catholic Parish in Fort Lauderdale, Florida Listen to Our Podcast! Donate Online Open main menu Home Our Parish About Our Parish Upcoming Events Staff Become a Member Our Parish Podcast Donate Masses &amp; Devotions Mass Times Daily Mass Readings Catholic Devotions Sacraments Overview Baptism First Communion Confirmation Anointing of Sick Reconciliation Holy Matrimony Holy Orders Religious Education Religous Education Program Volunteer to Teach Ministries ExtraOrdinary Ministers of Holy Communion Lectors Ushers Altar Servers/Student Lectors Youth Group Organizations Pastoral Council Pastoral Finance Council Men's Club Women's Guild Respect Life St. Vincent de Paul Society Contact Podcast Website Donate Online Fort Lauderdale St. John the Baptist Catholic Parish Welcome to St. John the Baptist in Fort Lauderdale! Fort Lauderdale St. John the Baptist Catholic Parish Welcome to St. John the Baptist in Fort Lauderdale! Free Access FORMED! The Parish is pleased to offer parishioners access to the premier online platform packed with inspiring Catholic content. Enjoy movies, bible studies, audio talks, eBooks, children’s programming, and much more — all at no cost to you. Get Your Free Access "Pray, Hope &amp; Don't Worry" - Saint Padre Pio St. John the Baptist Mass Schedule Regular Schedule • Special for Ash Wednesday – February 18, 2026 Mass Times Weekdays (Monday–Saturday) 8:45 am Saturday 8:45 am 5:00 pm Vigil Mass Sunday 7:30 am 9:00 am (livestreamed on Facebook & Website) 10:30 am Noon 5:00 pm Adoration Friday after 8:45 am Mass until 12:00 pm First Fridays: until 5:00 pm Confession Saturdays: 3:45–4:45 pm View Bulletins About Our Parish In the northeast corner of Fort Lauderdale, we are truly blessed to experience Catholic family living at St. John the Baptist parish. With our beautiful parish, spacious parish hall and inviting Rectory/Office building, and approximately 1,200 participating members, the environment for growth in holiness is offered to all who seek a personalized approach to formation and living our cherished Catholic faith. View Our Upcoming Events Fr. Alberto Petroff Welcome to St. John the Baptist As Pastor of St. John the Baptist, I hope you will join us at Mass each weekend. If you are new to the area, please checkout this video that shows the beauty of our church. Join Our Parish! ABCD Drive! May we be agents of hope to unite, heal and transform our world by answering the call to support the ABCD, joyfully and generously, so that we, ourselves, can develop a deeper connection with our faith, anchored in hope and lived out in charity. We Stream Our 9am Mass Every Sunday Morning! Know Your Faith The Catholic faith is rich in history and tradition, from Jesus giving authority to Saint Peter the Apostle (the first Pope) right up through the modern age. Go deeper into your faith to learn about the saints, the clergy, Catholic social teaching, works of mercy, the Mass, the Sacraments and popular Catholic devotions. Meet the Saints The saints led exemplary lives and their example can help us be faithful disciples of Jesus Christ. The Clergy Understanding the role of the ordained clergy which is our bishops, priests and deacons. Catholic Social Teaching Learn more about the dignity of the human person and our duty to others Works of Mercy Learn about the Corporal and Spiritual Works of Mercy, which all Catholics are compelled to provide for the poor. Feed the hungry, give drink to the thirsty, shelter the homeless, etc. Understanding the Mass Discover the elements of Mass including Liturgy of the Word and Liturgy of the Eucharist The Sacraments Learn about the seven sacraments of the Catholic Church and the grace they impart The Rosary The Rosary helps us reflect on the life of Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God Catholic Devotions From the Divine Mercy to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, our faith is filled with powerful devotions Our Patron Saint Saint John the Baptist is a significant figure in Christianity, revered for his role in preparing the way for Jesus Christ's ministry through his own teachings and baptismal rites. He is perhaps best known for baptizing Jesus in the Jordan River, an event that is commemorated in all four Gospels. A fearless preacher, John the Baptist was eventually imprisoned and beheaded by King Herod, becoming a martyr and a symbol of steadfast faith. --> School of Spirituality &amp; Prayer Saint John the Baptist Catholic Parish is offering a unique opportunity to deepen your spiritual life through the proven and timeless teachings of St. Francis De Sales. This is a practical guide for lay people pursuing holiness. Join us Mondays at 2pm in the Parish hall as we discuss prayer, participation in the Sacraments, and the virutues of humility, patience, gentleness, charity and more. We'll be exploring St. Francis de Sales' seminal work, An Introduction to the Devout Life" each week, using the TAN Classics edition (available at Amazon.com). Weekly classes begin June 3rd and there is no cost to participate. Support Our Parish - Shop for Catholic Gifts Browse all categories &amp;rarr; Confirmation Gifts First Holy Communion Gifts Home Decor Bibles Browse all categories &amp;rarr; --> Frequently asked questions We hope you find our website insightful and information about the Catholic faith and about activities in our parish. Here are the answers to our most frequently asked questions. How do I become Catholic? Becoming process is a journey of learning and discipleship. Read our Becoming Catholic article to learn more about the process and the journey through the Order of Christian Initiation of Adults. How do I join St. John the Baptist? We welcome Catholics to register as a member of our parish community. How do I get married at St. John the Baptist? If you are considering getting married at St. John the Baptist Catholic Parish , we would be honored to be a part of your special day. Preparing for the Sacrament of Matrimony is a thoughtful and deliberative process, and we recommend that couples begin this process at least eight months before their desired wedding date. To get started, please contact Cathy Stayton (cstaytong@stjohncc.org) in the parish office. She will be able to provide you with information on available dates and times, as well as assist with any questions or concerns you may have. We also offer pre-marriage counseling to help couples prepare for the lifelong commitment of marriage. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us with any questions or concerns. We look forward to supporting you as you begin this exciting new chapter in your lives. How do I schedule a funeral at St. John the Baptist? The church’s funeral coordinator will also provide guidance and support to the family during this difficult time. Please contact Cathy Stayton in the parish office for more information. What is your Mass Schedule and when can I come for confession? There is nothing more joyful than to know people are seeking the Lord, through the celebration of The Mass or through the Sacrament of Reconciliation . View our Mass Schedule Our Sponsors Sponsor This Ad Contact the Church Office at (954) 771-8950 Sponsor This Ad Contact the Church Office at (954) 771-8950 Children's Religious Education At Saint John the Baptist, we offer children’s religious education classes. Learn More &rarr; Footer St. John the Baptist Catholic Parish 4595 Bayview Drive Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33308 (954) 771-8950 Catholic Resources Archdiocese Miami Florida Catholic Catechism Audio &amp; Video Follow us on Facebook Podcast Our Parish About Us Online Giving Planned Giving Schedule Events Baptisms Funerals Weddings Other Terms of Service Privacy Policy &copy; 2024 St. John the Baptist Catholic Parish . All rights reserved. Website Powered By Sacramatic
