URL: https://www.peacockfoundationinc.org
ORG: Peacock Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Peacock Foundation | Investing in Our Community Since 1947 Skip to content Our Story Governance Board An Intimate Chat &#8230; Grants Grants Overview Grant Application Process End of Grant Report Grantee List Inspiring Stories Grantee Stories Celebrating Community Partnerships​ Contact Us Our Story Governance Board An Intimate Chat &#8230; Grants Grants Overview Grant Application Process End of Grant Report Grantee List Inspiring Stories Grantee Stories Celebrating Community Partnerships​ Contact Us Since 1947, Investing in Our Beloved Community Our Mission Peacock Foundation, Inc.'s mission is to enhance and promote the good health and well-being of children and families in Miami-Dade County through grants to nonprofit organizations. Are you interested in learning more about our mission and history? LEARN MORE We fund organizations in three priority interest areas to address the needs of our community. Health Our home is a dynamic community with abundant resources, but there is not equal access. We strive to eliminate barriers so that everyone in Miami-Dade County can receive quality care by contributing to health care organizations that focus on primary care, mental health, and oral health. Education Inspired by the thread of curiosity and the love of learning, we unlock inclusive enrichment activities by supporting educational programs in the arts and the environment, special education for people with disabilities, and programs to enhance literacy. Human Services Feeding the mind, body, and spirit is an essential concept for Peacock Foundation, Inc. We make grants to human services organizations that promote youth development, assist abused or neglected children, women, and the elderly, seek to reduce homelessness, end food insecurity, and encourage self-sufficiency for our community&#8217;s most vulnerable individuals. Would you like to know more about our grantmaking process? LEARN MORE Mr. Peacock's Handwriting, circa 1960 Our Impact Inspired by Mr. Peacock, we are fiscally responsible stewards ensuring that every dollar makes a difference. We believe in transparency and the power of data to tell our story. Here are some highlights of our collective impact over the years. Years of Grant Making 0 + Organizations Supported 0 + Grants Paid $ 0 MM+ Our steadfast support enriches the lives of Miami-Dade children and families through grants to nonprofits. Take a look at our most recent grantees. LEARN MORE An intimate chat with our Board Chair and Executive Director View Celebrating Community Partnerships We invite you to share your story of social impact so we can celebrate your progress and accomplishments. Peacock Foundation, Inc.'s commitment to our grantees may inspire others as we continue to invest in our beloved community. Please share Your Story GET IN TOUCH WITH US For more information about Peacock Foundation, Inc.’s grant policies and procedures, please contact Joëlle Allen, Executive Director at joelle@peacockfoundationinc.org . CONTACT Peacock Foundation, Inc. 4000 Ponce De Leon Blvd., Suite 450 Coral Gables, Florida 33146 Phone: (305) 373-1386 Linkedin © 1947 – 2026 Peacock Foundation, Inc. Scroll to Top
