URL: https://www.4socialchange.org
ORG: Center For Social Change Inc
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Center for Social Change - Non Profit coworking &amp; Event Space Donate About Services Become a Member Event Space Current Fiscally Sponsored Projects Donate to Fiscally Sponsored Projects Newsletter Contact Us Login Nexudus Fiscal Sponsorship Portal 📞 (786) 235-8030 Menu Donate About Services Become a Member Event Space Current Fiscally Sponsored Projects Donate to Fiscally Sponsored Projects Newsletter Contact Us Login Nexudus Fiscal Sponsorship Portal 📞 (786) 235-8030 Slider imagen 4socialchange.org We are here to support Dedicated Desk, Coworking and Mailbox Memberships available. Slide 01 Private Offices Available Enjoy 16 monthly hours of conference room access, a private phone booth, mailing services, and event promotion to our vibrant community of changemakers. Join a dynamic network where innovation and impact thrive. Slide 01 Spacious Conference Room &amp; Wellness Space Available for meetings, workshops and events. The Support Center for Nonprofits and Social Entrepreneurs The Center for Social Change, a 501(c)(3) charitable organization, is a vibrant hub that amplifies the impact of changemakers by promoting growth, collaboration, and wellness through shared resources and innovative programming. Our mission is to serve as a hub for Agents of Change in South Florida. Support Us! Our impact would not be possible without the support of our Local and Global partners, whether it is making a donation financially, offering to host a free workshop, or by increasing awareness through featuring our work in press and following us on Social Media. Donate Your tax-deductible personal contributions and Corporate Sponsorship will directly benefit the most vulnerable communities in South Florida. DONATE Follow Us Follow the Leaders, learn effective communication tips and use your social capital strategically, wisely and positively by setting the example. Instagram Facebook Join our Newsletter Register to hear about monthly jobs, grants, mentoring and volunteer opportunities, educational workshops and Community Partner events. SIGN-UP Our Members Members of the Center for Social Change have been part of a dynamic community of charitable organizations, social ventures, and community leaders who are working across sectors to change the world. The Center has broken barriers in Miami by bringing 70+ organizations with social missions under one roof. All Members Member Login Donate Now! Privacy Policy Contact Us Menu Member Login Donate Now! Privacy Policy Contact Us Facebook Instagram © Copyright 2023, Center for Social Change. All rights reserved. 2103 Coral Way, 2nd Floor. Miami, FL 33145 Privacy Policy
