URL: https://www.elevateprize.org/the-elevate-prize-catalyst-award/
ORG: Elevate Prize Foundation Inc - THE ELEVATE PRIZE CATALYST AWARD
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Catalyst Award | Make Good Famous AWARD THE ELEVATE PRIZE CATALYST AWARD THE ELEVATE PRIZE GET LOUD AWARD AWARD THE ELEVATE PRIZE CATALYST AWARD THE ELEVATE PRIZE GET LOUD AWARD The Catalyst Award The Elevate PRIZE Catalyst Award is presented by JOE Deitch, Founder and Chairman of The Elevate Prize Foundation. The award recognizes prominent individuals or groups who use their influence to inspire social action, providing $250,000 in unrestricted funding and practical resources to help them make even more impact. 2026 KERRY WASHINGTON For more than a decade, the Emmy Award–winning actor and producer Kerry Washington has used storytelling as a powerful force for democracy. Through Simpson Street Productions, the award-winning company she founded, she has expanded whose stories are seen, heard, and valued on screen, with past productions including Hulu’s Little Fires Everywhere and HBO’s Confirmation . As part of the award, given at Sundance Film Festival, $250,000 in unrestricted funding will be given to support her namesake foundation and its work to strengthen civic engagement across the United States. Live on stage, Kerry also announced “We need more storytelling that reminds us how much we all have at stake and why our voices truly matter.” – KERRY WASHINGTON 2025 CHARACTERS OF Sesame street For 55 years, the characters of Sesame Street have helped generations of children grow smarter, stronger, and kinder. Through purpose-driven storytelling, Sesame Street – created by Sesame Workshop, the global nonprofit behind the show – has been a trusted source of educational excellence and emotional support for children worldwide — tackling issues from mental health and homelessness to addiction and family challenges with compassion, courage, and care. At the 2025 Make Good Famous Summit, the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award was presented live on stage to Sesame Street in recognition of this transformative legacy. The award looks ahead to the future &#8211; helping to ensure its bold, experimental spirit and unwavering commitment to meeting the moment for the children and families who need it most. “This award will help sustain Sesame Workshop’s support for children and families facing some of the toughest challenges — whether that’s struggling with mental health, experiencing homelessness, or having a parent who is struggling with addiction, and will support our ability to deliver on our nonprofit mission of helping children everywhere grow smarter, stronger, and kinder.” – Sal Perez, Executive Producer of Sesame Street 2024 Dwyane Wade In the words of NBA Hall of Famer and passionate trans rights activist Dwayne Wade, “Let&#8217;s make sure our kids have an opportunity to live this life that we all get to live.” Inspired by his daughter, Zaya, who came out as trans in 2020, Dwyane has proven to be an extraordinary champion for the community and an advocate for trans rights. With funds from the award, Dwyane and the Wade Family Foundation have launched Translatable , a digital platform committed to creating a safe space where young members of the trans community can express themselves and to being an educational resource for their friends and family. “With heartfelt gratitude, I accept the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award and share this honor with my daughter, Zaya, who has served as the catalyzing force behind T ranslatable .” – DWYANE WADE 2024 Matt Damon A shocking fact: 1 in 10 people around the world still do not have ready access to safe water. That’s a crisis that actor, screenwriter, producer, and activist Matt Damon is dedicated to solving. To date, his organization Water.org , co-founded with Gary White, has empowered more than 60 million people across 11 countries with access to safe water and sanitation through affordable financing – changing lives around the world. “I AM PLEDGING THE FUNDS TO WATER.ORG TO HELP REACH 50,000 PEOPLE ACROSS 11 DIFFERENT COUNTRIES WITH SAFE WATER OR SANITATION. THIS AWARD STRENGTHENS OUR RESOLVE TO KEEP PUSHING FOR A WORLD WHERE EVERYONE HAS ACCESS TO SAFE WATER, AND TO HELP EVERYONE SEE THE ROLE THEY CAN PLAY IN ENDING THE GLOBAL WATER CRISIS.” – MATT DAMON watch MATT DAMON talking about receiving the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award 2023 M ichael J. Fox Beloved actor, author and activist, Michael J. Fox, founded the Michael J. Fox Foundation after publicly disclosing his diagnosis with Parkinson’s disease . For over 20 years, the foundation has been dedicated to finding a cure for Parkinson&#8217;s through an aggressively funded research agenda and to ensuring the development of improved therapies for those living with Parkinson&#8217;s today. “The funds from the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award will be put to immediate use in developing the first biological staging system for Parkinson’s disease…Take it from me: You can be the solution you seek. Be the one to light the fire and inspire the world.” – MICHAEL j. FOX MICHAEL J. FOX FOUNDATION 2023 Lizzo From sharing her People’s Choice Award stage with activists and community leaders, to taking a stand for reproductive rights to promoting body positivity, multi-award winning artist Lizzo’s impact spans beyond her powerful music. Every year, she champions and spotlights Black organizations through her Juneteenth Giveback, amplifying their message of justice, equality, and hope &#8211; this year, she has committed the funds from the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award to take the campaign to new heights. “I am so honored to be receiving the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award…I am pledging the entirety of the prize to my 4th annual Juneteenth Giveback…This is going to be the greatest year yet!” – LIZZO watch LIZZO talking about receiving the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award 2022 MALALA YOUSAFZAI &amp; MALALA FUND Malala Fund is on a mission to ensure that all girls can access free, safe, quality education – building a world where every girl can learn and lead. LEARN MORE “As global crises put progress for girls’ education at risk, this support from The Elevate Prize Foundation could not come at a more critical time…We must ensure leaders fulfill their promises to girls and activate much needed change.” – MALALA YOUSAFZAI watch Malala Yousafzai talking about receiving the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award 2022 Amal and George Clooney &amp; The Clooney Foundation for Justice The Clooney Foundation for Justice works around the world to wage justice for survivors of human rights abuses. LEARN MORE “Our goal at the Foundation is to free the innocent, and punish the guilty. To wage justice one case at a time.” – Amal and George Clooney watch the clooneys talking about receiving the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award 2021 TREVOR NOAH &amp; THE TREVOR NOAH FOUNDATION The Trevor Noah Foundation seeks to foster inspiring, learning and teaching environments in South African schools while empowering teachers to be innovative leaders and problem solvers in their classrooms and communities. LEARN MORE “I am honored to be receiving the inaugural ELEVATE PRIZE Catalyst Award from the Elevate Prize Foundation. Their commitment to social good is something I admire and strive for every day, both in my personal life and for my Foundation.” – TREVOR NOAH watch TREVOR NOAH talking about receiving the Elevate Prize Catalyst Award &#8211; SEE ALL Jul 16, 2026 This program gives Black single moms $1,000 &#8211; @elevateprize 276 NW 27th Street, Miami, FL 33127 Award | The Elevate Prize Get Loud Award | Founder's Award you&#039;re human: Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Cookies Privacy &copy; 2026 Elevate Prize All Rights Reserved
