URL: https://www.elevateprize.org/founders-award/
ORG: Elevate Prize Foundation Inc - FOUNDER'S AWARD
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Founder&#039;s Award AWARD THE ELEVATE PRIZE CATALYST AWARD THE ELEVATE PRIZE GET LOUD AWARD AWARD THE ELEVATE PRIZE CATALYST AWARD THE ELEVATE PRIZE GET LOUD AWARD Founder&#8217;s Award When changemakers defy categorization, enter the Elevate Prize Founder&#8217;s Award. An award designed to support innovation, inspiration, and progress wherever we find it. The award? An unrestricted grant designed to drive greater impact. This is about purpose and inspiration coming together – it is an award for extraordinary opportunities that may not align with our signature programs, but are vital to our mission. When our founder, Joe Deitch, or other members of the senior team, encounter a game changing social entrepreneur or endeavor, we conduct our due diligence and go from there. This prize is awarded selectively at the discretion of the Elevate Prize Foundation team and our founder, Joe Deitch. Solicitation will not be considered. &#8220;Sometimes we meet a person whose vision captivates us, or we discover an organization that’s making waves – and making progress. Maybe they don’t fit the criteria for one of our other prizes, so the Elevate Prize Founder’s Award is poised to fill that gap and support social entrepreneurs and enterprises that are especially deserving.” -Joseph Deitch RECIPIENT 2025 Sam Vaghar &amp; Millennium Campus Network Since 2007, Millennium Campus Network (MCN) has supported the next generation of social impact leaders. Through the Millennium Fellowship, university undergraduates receive training, community, and credentials as they engage in grassroots civic initiatives &#8211; from launching community gardens and solar energy projects to mental health campaigns. Over 20,000 young leaders have participated worldwide, launching into social impact careers and advancing the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) on campuses and in their communities. Millennium CAMPUS NETWORK NOW IN ACTION RECIPIENT 2025 Equality Now For over 30 years, Equality Now has driven global legal reform for women and girls through expert advocacy, strategic litigation, partnerships, and grassroots collaboration. A recognized international human rights expert, convener, and reformer, the organization has led the charge in transforming 120 sex-discriminatory laws around the world — from child marriage and rape to digital safety, inheritance, and citizenship — delivering systemic change and advancing equality worldwide. Now more than ever, as women’s rights face mounting global threats, we need bold, brave organizations leading the way. That’s why we are proud to honor Equality Now with the Elevate Prize Founder’s Award. EQUALITY NOW IN ACTION RECIPIENT 2023 Dr. David Fajgenbaum – Every Cure Dr. Fajgenbaum and his team at Every Cure are on a mission to unlock the full potential of existing medicines to treat every disease and every patient they possibly can. WATCH DR. DAVID FAJGENBAUM OF EVERY CURE SPEAK AT THE 2023 MAKE GOOD FAMOUS SUMMIT &#8211; SEE ALL Jul 16, 2026 This program gives Black single moms $1,000 &#8211; @elevateprize 276 NW 27th Street, Miami, FL 33127 Award | The Elevate Prize Get Loud Award | Founder's Award you&#039;re human: Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Cookies Privacy &copy; 2026 Elevate Prize All Rights Reserved
