URL: https://semcocoedfund.org
ORG: Seminole Coconut Creek Education Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Seminole Coconut Creek Education Foundation, Inc. Skip to content Seminole Coconut Creek Education Foundation, Inc. Search Home About Mission &#038; Vision History Board of Directors Financials What We Do News &#038; Events Contact Home About Mission &#038; Vision History Board of Directors Financials What We Do News &#038; Events Contact Seminole COCONUT CREEK Education Foundation, Inc. SUPPORT FOR Residents SUPPORT FOR Students SUPPORT FOR Employees The Seminole Coconut Creek Education Foundation, Inc. is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) corporation considered a Public Charity. The City of Coconut Creek and the Seminole Tribe of Florida entered into the Coconut Creek Fee to Trust Lands Mitigation Agreement on January 27, 2011. The Seminole Coconut Creek Education Foundation, Inc.’s funds are used to provide educational benefits to the residents of the City of Coconut Creek, the students attending the public schools in Coconut Creek and children of employees&#8217; of the City of Coconut Creek. APPLY DONATE Contribute to a brighter future by donating to our cause, or receive support from us by filling out an application today. An Investment in knowledge pays the best interest" Benjamin Franklin Our Impact The Seminole Coconut Creek Education Foundation, Inc. is dedicated to creating a brighter future for the City of Coconut Creek by providing financial and educational resources to Coconut Creek’s residents, students attending the public schools, and City of Coconut Creek’s employees’ children. Financial Provide scholarships, fellowships, and grants for educational benefit to students attending the Coconut Creek’s public schools, residents, and children of employees of the City of Coconut Creek. Tutoring Provide funding for after school tutoring programs for elementary, middle, and high school students of Coconut Creek public schools as well as the children of City of Coconut Creek employees. College Prep Provide funding to cover the costs of college admissions test preparation courses to high school students of Coconut Creek public schools, residents, and children of City of Coconut Creek’s employees. Get Started Today “I just want to thank you for your help and for pushing me to apply for the Coconut Creek grant. I got it!!!! $2,000. Not only that, another teacher received $10,000 grant. Thank you for ALL your help.” Estela R. Math Coach, Winston Park Elementary I did submit the proposal. Thank you for everything! I could not have done it without you!!! Zayra C. Job Coach, Monarch High School Oh, my world!!! So exciting!! I can't wait to get the supplies to help my students in their new academic journey. Thank you! Claudia B. Academic tacher I feel like this (the grant) was the “creative comeback” that I needed and wanted to thank you for continuing to push me to do what is best for students. Robin S. Academic tacher This is so fantastic for our school. Michael B. This is so fantastic for our school. Michael B. Thank you so much. I know the students will benefit from this great opportunity. Lori F. Thank You! I'm so excited and looking forward to working with the students in our new outdoor lab. Jeannine H. Academic Teacher I am so excited to hear the great news! I look forward to doing fun activities with my students. Kim J. Academic Teacher I am humbled and honored to receive this grant! I am looking forward to using these funds to better accommodate and grow OUR school garden and empower student minds!! I plan to share with other classes and invite them to garden with our class! Please come and visit us in the garden this year! We would love that!! I’ll send lots of pictures too!! All my love and gratitude, Susan D. Academic Teacher I am so excited! Thank you so much, Dr. Whiting and Seminole Coconut Creek Education Foundation! Samantha A. THANK YOU so very much for all of your help receiving this amazing grant! I am so excited to be able to add these student resources to my classroom for my students! Thank you so very much for making me aware of this wonderful grant opportunity! Mary S. Academic Teacher This is fantastic! I know that our kids will be inspired by all the activities we will do with Peter Reynolds and his wonderful books! Thank you!! Claudia B. Academic Teacher Thank you so much! We have a big job ahead of us, but I am so excited to continue this project with my students. My students are going to be so excited when I tell them we received a grant to help us finish our "Classroom Without Walls"! Erin G. Academic Teacher On behalf of my teachers and students thank you and thank the foundation so much for their generosity in approving these projects. I will be sure to document all of the projects so that we can share them with the foundation, and they can see the value of the dollars they’re investing in Coconut Creek High School and its students. Scott F. Academic Teacher This is wonderful news. I'm so excited for our students! They will enjoy the opportunity to learn outdoors and make a difference in our community in the process. Thank you for your guidance and encouragement. Mary D. Academic Teacher Thank you for the exciting news! We are looking forward to our amazing race! Kathryn C. Academic Teacher Thank you so much!! I’m excited for my students! My students were online all year and this will be so beneficial to them. Thank you again!!! Michele F. Academic Teacher Thank you!!! I am so excited to get Real World Math established in my classroom. Deborah M. Academic Teacher Located in Coconut Creek, FL Email admin@semcocoedfund.org Contact Us Name Email Message Send About Mission &amp; Vision History Board of Directors financials What We Do News &amp; events Contact Seminole Coconut Creek Education Foundation, Inc was founded in 2011 by the Seminole Tribe of Florida with the City of Coconut Creek and is a 501(c)(3) corporation to provide fellowships, grants and scholarships to benefit the education of students who attend Coconut Creek public schools, residents and children of the City of Coconut Creek’s employees. Font Size A © 2021 All rights reserved Website by JL Dream Studios, LLC.
