URL: https://www.fastweb.com/
ORG: Fastweb homepage
COUNTY: 
KIND: competitor
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Find Scholarships for College and Trade School | Fastweb scholarships Find Scholarships Featured Scholarships Scholarship News Scholarship Winners National Scholarship Directory $1,000 Invite-a-Friend Scholarship fafsa & financial aid FAFSA Financial Aid FAFSA &amp; Financial Aid News student loans student discounts internships Find Internships Featured Internships Part-Time Jobs Internship News Online Learning educators Educator Resources Download Free Materials Scholarship List Builder Scholarship Providers Educator Log In parents Parent Resources FAQs Parent Student Loans Parent News log in sign up log in scholarships Find Scholarships Featured Scholarships Scholarship News Scholarship Winners National Scholarship Directory $1,000 Invite-a-Friend Scholarship fafsa &amp; financial aid FAFSA Financial Aid FAFSA &amp; Financial Aid News student loans student discounts internships Find Internships Featured Internships Part-Time Jobs Internship News Online Learning educators Educator Resources Download Free Materials Scholarship List Builder Scholarship Providers Educator Log In parents Parent Resources FAQs Parent Student Loans Parent News articles All Articles Student News Student Contributors College Search News Easily find scholarships for College and Trade School Fastweb is a free scholarship search platform that connects students to college scholarships, trade school scholarships , and financial aid news and resources. Our goal is to help you find scholarships to make college and trade school more affordable. Find Scholarships Now What is Fastweb? The leading scholarship database, our platform is designed to simplify the scholarship search for high school, trade school students, and college students. No more digging to find scholarships you qualify for. Students create a profile and get personalized scholarship recommendations. Fastweb isn't just for scholarships. We provide students and their parents with helpful information to help them navigate their educational journeys&ndash; from college or trade school, throughout college and/or graduate school, and into career. How Fastweb works Discover the right scholarships for you 1. Create your profile After signing up, you'll customize your profile by answering a few questions. 2. Get instant scholarship matches Using your unique profile, you'll get a list of scholarships you qualify for based upon your strengths, interests, student activities and skills. 3. Apply. Get money for college! Each time you log in you're greeted with new scholarship matches, and the total value of the scholarships you qualify for! Filter through your list, save those you're interested in and start applying for scholarships. Join for FREE What makes Fastweb better? Fastweb does the work for you Research Team Matching Algorithm Content Experts Scholarship Research Team What sets Fastweb apart from other scholarship search sites is our team of researchers. Every scholarship in our database has been researched and vetted by a team of real people. You get your own team of scholarship researchers, zero cost. Each and every scholarship in our huge database has been vetted by a team of real people. Never worry about scholarship scams. Scholarship Matching Algorithm Skip sifting through hundreds of scholarships, only to find a few you qualify for. Each day our matching algorithm uses your Fastweb profile to filter through and match you to new scholarships you should consider applying for. Each time you log into Fastweb you'll be greeted with new scholarships that are a perfect match. Organize your scholarship matches with to mark what you’ve already applied for and icons as a reminder to apply for your favorite scholarships. Sign up for email reminders of important or large scholarships you shouldn't miss applying for. Content Experts Our seasoned editorial team has worked in the higher education industry. Coming from first-generation and low-income families, some Fastweb content experts have first-hand experiences related to the struggle to pay for school. Our editorial team truly has a passion to ensure students know exactly how to prepare for, succeed in and pay for college, or vocational colleges. Gain insider information; our content experts have a combined 20+ years of working in higher education. Our writers cover a variety of topics related to current high school students, the vocational student, college students and parents. Your FAFSA information Headquarters Don't forget the FAFSA Common FAFSA Q&As + FAFSA Tools FAFSA amplifies the importance of other financial aid resources like the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). In addition to scholarships, the FAFSA is another key component to help students and their families pay for college or accredited trade schools. Get FAFSA info 2,000,000+ Members Fastweb That's a lot of love. Here's why: Scholarships Find the next scholarship you should apply for with personalized scholarship recommendations. Your Fastweb profile gives you access to more than 1.5 million scholarship opportunities. Internships Find internship opportunities on Fastweb! Including internships from popular businesses, to intern options based on your interest, major and location. Student Discounts Find student-only bargains on popular products you use daily. From tech, software, fitness and travel - don't miss these student deals. Student News With more than 20 years of higher-education experience, our editorial team ensures students and parents have access to the latest student news, and helpful tools and information. Sign up for free Real scholarship success stories Scholarship Winners that use Fastweb Are Saying... Previous Slide &#9664;&#xFE0E; Next Slide &#9654;&#xFE0E; Don't stop applying for scholarships just because you aren't winning initially. I had to apply to over 30 before I started seeing the dividends, but it was totally worth it! Josh - Silver Spring, MD $10,000 Winner Sign me up Never give up; eventually someone will give you a scholarship. Mariah - Houston, TX $500 Winner Sign me up Apply to a lot of scholarships. You never know what a certain scholarship is looking for as the scholarship process is a whole different ballgame than college admissions. It is best to increase your probability of winning a scholarship by applying to a lot. Briana - Gainesville, FL $20,000 Winner Sign me up Fist Slide: Josh - Silver Spring, MD, $10,000 Winner. Current Slide Second slide: Mariah - Houston, TX, $500 Winner. Third slide: Briana - Gainesville, FL, $20,000 Winner. Fastweb in the news Recommended by Reputable News Sources A great resource for students to check out... a free place to go and look for scholarships Student News 2026 Full-Tuition Scholarships: Get College Paid For In Full July 16, 2026 Step-by-Step Scholarship Application Checklist: What You Need to Apply Successfully December 22, 2025 7 Best Ways to Find Scholarships and Win More Award Money May 8, 2026 Previous Slide ◀︎ Next Slide ▶︎ 2026 Full-Tuition Scholarships: Get College Paid For In Full July 16, 2026 Step-by-Step Scholarship Application Checklist: What You Need to Apply Successfully December 22, 2025 7 Best Ways to Find Scholarships and Win More Award Money May 8, 2026 20+ Best Paid Internships for Students in 2026 July 27, 2026 More Student News Your successful scholarship search begins with Fastweb. Find Scholarships Now Scholarships Top Scholarships for High School Seniors: Class of 2027 Looking for college cash? Discover the best scholarships for high school seniors (Class of 2027). Learn when to apply, how to win awards, and get application tips. Popular 2026 Scholarships for College Students: The Ultimate List The Complete Guide to the Common App: Tips, Deadlines &amp; Pros, Cons How to Choose the Right Student Loan for College in 2026 20+ Best Paid Internships for Students in 2026 August 2026 Scholarship Opportunities Latest Internship Resources for Students: How to Find and Apply in 2026 How to Find and Win Texas Scholarships in 2026 Cost of Attendance: What It Includes and How to Lower It How to Find and Win California Scholarships in 2026 Direct College Admissions Guide 2026: How to Get Accepted Without Applying Trending Pizza Hut Scholarship 2026: Deadlines, Requirements &amp; How to Apply Top Scholarships for High School Juniors: Class of 2028 Top Scholarships for High School Seniors: Class of 2027 2026 Full-Tuition Scholarships: Get College Paid For In Full 2026 Scholarships for College Students: The Ultimate List QUICK LINKS Educators Scholarship Winners FAFSA &amp; Financial Aid Scholarship Directory Scholarships by State Scholarships by Major Scholarships for High School Juniors Scholarships for High School Seniors Scholarships for College Freshmen Scholarships for Veterans Scholarships for Bilingual Students Scholarships for Hispanic Students Scholarships for African-American Students COMPANY About Fastweb Press Room Advertise With Us HELP FAQ Provider Guidelines Site Map Contact Us Educator Login Volunteer DOWNLOAD OUR APP Terms of Use | Privacy Center | Ad Choices | Your Privacy Choices &copy; Fastweb 
