URL: https://developers.google.com/search/docs/appearance/structured-data/faqpage
ORG: Google structured data FAQPage guidance
COUNTY: 
KIND: research
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Latest Google Search Documentation Updates | Google Search Central | What&apos;s new | Google for Developers Skip to main content Google Search Central Documentation SEO fundamentals Introduction Search Essentials SEO Starter Guide Optimizing for generative AI search How Google Search Works Do you need an SEO? Crawling and indexing Sitemaps robots.txt Meta tags Crawler management Removals Canonicalization Redirects JavaScript SEO Ranking and search appearance Visual Elements gallery Title links Snippets Images Videos Structured data Favicons Site-specific guides Ecommerce International and multilingual sites Data analysis Debug traffic drops Using Search Console and Google Analytics data for SEO Analyze social and video platform content Support Blog What&#39;s new All updates Documentation updates Ranking updates New YouTube videos Recent podcast episodes Events Case studies / English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский العربيّة हिंदी ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in What&#39;s new Google Search Central Documentation More Support Blog What&#39;s new More Events Case studies All updates Latest documentation updates New YouTube videos Recent podcast episodes SEO fundamentals Introduction Search Essentials SEO Starter Guide Optimizing for generative AI search How Google Search Works Do you need an SEO? Crawling and indexing Sitemaps robots.txt Meta tags Crawler management Removals Canonicalization Redirects JavaScript SEO Ranking and search appearance Visual Elements gallery Title links Snippets Images Videos Structured data Favicons Site-specific guides Ecommerce International and multilingual sites Data analysis Debug traffic drops Using Search Console and Google Analytics data for SEO Analyze social and video platform content All updates Documentation updates Ranking updates New YouTube videos Recent podcast episodes Home Search Central What&#39;s new Send feedback Latest documentation updates This page details the latest major updates made to the Google Search Central documentation. To get the latest Search Central documentation updates delivered to you, add the URL of this page to your feed reader , or add the feed URL directly: https://developers.google.com/search/updates/search_docs_updates.rss . July 2026 July 29 Added guide on analyzing social and video platform content What : Added a new guide on how to analyze your social and video platform content performance in Search Console . Why : To help content creators, social media managers, and SEO professionals understand how their social and video platform content performs on Google Search. July 24 Added a new review snippet guideline What : Added a new guideline to the review snippet documentation about fake and undisclosed incentivized reviews. Why : To improve user review transparency. July 14 Updated the package tracking documentation What : Updated the feature availability and eligibility requirements sections package tracking early adopters program documentation . Why : The package tracking early adopters program is no longer accepting new partners. July 10 Updated the canonicalization troubleshooting guide What : Updated the canonicalization troubleshooting guide with clarifications on re-evaluation time. Why : To provide better expectations about how long it takes for canonicalization changes to take effect. July 7 Added category to merchant listing structured data What : Updated the Merchant listing documentation to detail how the Product.category property can be used with both Text and CategoryCode types. This aligns with the Google Merchant Center feed specifications for the product_type and google_product_category attributes. Why : To help merchants provide both merchant-defined and Google-defined category information within their schema.org markup, enhancing product information for Google Search and Shopping. Clarified how to specify sale price effective dates in Product structured data What : Added a new section on "Sale duration" to the Merchant listing guide . This explains how to use the validFrom , validThrough , and priceValidUntil schema.org properties to set the effective range for sale prices, including best practices and examples for placement on either Offer or PriceSpecification nodes. Why : This aligns schema.org usage with the Merchant Center feed attribute sale_price_effective_date , providing clear instructions and best practices for merchants using structured data. July 1 Updating our AMP documentation What : Simplified our AMP documentation by removing outdated references to the AMP viewer, AMP Cache, and signed exchange. Why : Starting today, Google Search is updating how it connects users to AMP pages, and will now take users directly to the publisher's AMP host pages. This change simplifies and reduces maintenance efforts for publishers who are creating AMP content, as they no longer need to update the AMP cache or configure signed exchanges. AMP content will continue to rank just like any other web page. June 2026 June 17 Site move guidance now includes information on domain variants What : The site move guide now includes information on using the Change of Address tool for all subdomain variants (including www and non-www) during domain migrations. Why : The domain migrations work best when all variants of a site are migrated properly. June 15 Clarifying guidance on llms.txt files What : Added a note to the AI optimization guide clarifying Google Search's usage of llms.txt files. Why : To address questions from the community and clarify that while these files aren't needed for Google Search (and won't negatively or positively impact your visibility or rankings), it's fine if you want to maintain these files for other services or systems that use them. Removing documentation for the FAQ rich result feature What : Removed documentation for the FAQ rich result feature . Why : The FAQ rich result feature is no longer shown in Google Search results, as announced in the changelog entry in May 2026 . June 12 New article for small business owners in Tennessee What : Created a new article explaining how small business owners in Tennessee can receive notifications from Google Search . Why : To help small businesses in Tennessee learn how they can get notified if their web content is removed or restricted on Google Search (for example, signing up for Search Console, Business Profile, or Merchant Center). June 5 Guidance on third-party SEO tools, services, and advice What : Added Google Search's guidance on using third-party SEO tools, services, and advice . Also added guidance to the Do you need an SEO? page on evaluating your SEO's recommendations and tools, along with other minor updates to the page to simplify and modernize the content. Why : To highlight important considerations when evaluating third-party SEO tools and advice, and to simplify some sections and remove outdated examples in existing documentation. May 2026 May 27 Preferred sources is available in AI Mode and AI Overviews What : Updated the feature availability section of the preferred sources documentation to include AI Overviews and AI Mode. Why : The preferred sources feature is starting to roll out to AI Overviews and AI Mode. May 20 Added hasAdultConsideration to product-related structured data types What : Added the hasAdultConsideration property to the Merchant listing and Product variant documentation. Why : This property brings parity with the Merchant Center feed specification for the adult property . May 15 Adding a new guide on optimizing for generative AI features What : Added a new guide on optimizing for generative AI features on Search. Notable new sections include guidance on the importance of providing non-commodity content, tips about providing local, shopping, image, and video content, mythbusting common "AEO/GEO" misconceptions, initial guidance on AI agents, and more information on why SEO best practices continue to be relevant for success in our generative AI features on Search. Why : To help site owners, SEOs, and developers better understand how to optimize their content for appearance in generative AI features on Search, and what they can ignore. Clarifying that spam policies apply to generative AI responses in Google Search What : Clarified that our spam policies also apply to generative AI responses in Google Search. Why : To make it clear that the spam policies apply to all of Google Search, including generative AI responses. May 8 Deprecating the FAQ rich result feature What : Added a deprecation notice to the FAQ rich result documentation . Why : This feature will no longer appear in Google Search starting May 7, 2026. April 2026 April 30 Expanding preferred sources to all languages where Google Search is available What : Added that the preferred sources feature is now available in all languages where Google Search is available, including new translated downloadable button assets. Why : The preferred sources feature is now available in all languages supported by Google Search. April 23 Clarifying when and why we may take manual action based on spam reports What : Further clarified when and why we may take manual action based on spam reports . Why : To address feedback we received about the change on using spam reports to take manual action. April 20 Added a section about "read more" deep links What : Added a new section on "read more" deep links to the snippet documentation. Why : To explain how to increase the likelihood of your content appearing with a "read more" deeplink in Google Search results. April 14 Clarifying the use of spam reports What : Clarified that Google may use spam report submissions to take manual action against violations. Why : Google may now use spam report submissions to take manual action. April 13 Introducing a new spam policy for "back button hijacking" What : Added a new section to the malicious practices spam policy to address a deceptive practice known as "back button hijacking". Why : Learn more about this update in our blog post on back button hijacking . March 2026 March 24 Added new supported properties for Discussion Forum and QA Page markup What : Added more supported properties for Discussion Forum and QA Page markup. Why : For providing more clarity on comment thread structure to Google ingestion systems. This prevents misinterpretations in our handling of forum and Q&A content. Added a note on the robots meta tags documentation What : Added a note to the robots meta tags documentation on the way Google Search processes robots meta tags outside the HTML head. Why : The behavior didn't change but was previously undocumented. March 4 Removed outdated information about JavaScript and accessibility What : Removed a section on accessibility from the JavaScript SEO basics documentation . Why : The information was out of date and not as helpful as it used to be. Google Search has been rendering JavaScript for multiple years now, so using JavaScript to load content is not "making it harder for Google Search". Most assistive technologies are able to work with JavaScript now as well. March 2 Added preferred image best practices What : Added a new section on specifying a preferred image with metadata to the image SEO best practices and Discover documentation . Why : Based on feedback, we're clarifying that Google uses both schema.org markup and the og:image meta tag as sources when determining image thumbnails in Google Search and Discover. February 2026 February 5 Added information to the Get on Discover page for site owners What : Added more information on how sites can increase the likelihood of their content appearing in Discover . Why : We're rolling out the February 2026 Discover Core Update . February 3 Clarified information about the default file size limits for Googlebot What : While moving over the information about the default file size limits of Google's crawlers and fetchers to the crawler documentation , we also updated the Googlebot documentation about its own file size limits. Why : The original location of the default file size limits was not the most logical place as it applies to all of Google's crawlers and fetchers, and the move enabled us to be more precise about Googlebot's limits. January 2026 January 30 Adding preferred sources documentation What : Added preferred sources documentation for website owners. Why : To help publishers understand how to help their audience find their site as a preferred source. January 21 Adding more supported query types to South African carousel documentation What : Updated the structured data carousels (beta) documentation and the South African badges and refinement chips blog post to include additional query types. Why : The South African carousel, badges, and refinement chips now support queries related to food delivery, car hire, and bus booking. January 6 Removing documentation for the practice problem structured data type What : Removed documentation for the practice problem structured data type. Why : The practice problem structured data type is no longer shown in Google Search results. Learn more about this change in our blog post and changelog entry announced in November 2025. 2025 updates December 2025 December 18 Clarifying JavaScript execution on non-200 HTTP status codes What : We added a note on how Googlebot processes JavaScript . Why : While pages with a 200 HTTP status code are sent to rendering, this might not be the case for pages with a non- 200 HTTP status code. Migrating more crawling documentation to a new location What : Migrated the following documentation to Google's crawling infrastructure site . The functionality hasn't changed, only the location of the documentation and some minor wording changes to clarify that some guidance applies to both Google Search and other Google products. Managing crawling of faceted navigation URLs Optimize your crawl budget How HTTP status codes affect Google's crawlers Debug DNS and network errors Why : This documentation is more relevant to many Google products that use Google's crawlers, not just Search. December 17 Clarifying canonicalization best practices for JavaScript What : We added a section on canonicalization best practices for JavaScript to our JavaScript documentation and the best practices for consolidation of duplicate URLs . Why : Canonicalization happens before and after rendering, so it's important to make the canonical URL as clear as possible. With JavaScript, this means setting the canonical URL to the same URL as in the original HTML or if that isn't possible, to leave the canonical URL out of the original HTML. December 15 Clarifying noindex and JavaScript What : Clarified in our JavaScript documentation how Google's crawler handles noindex tags in pages that use JavaScript. Why : While Google may be able to render a page that uses JavaScript, the behavior of this is not well defined and might change. If there's a possibility that you do want the page indexed, don't use a noindex tag in the original page code. December 9 Adding a section on smaller core updates What : Added information to the core updates documentation about how Google continually makes updates to our search algorithms (including smaller core updates), and how that can affect your website. Why : To clarify that site owners that make content improvements can see a rise in position in Google Search results without having to wait for the next major core update. November 2025 November 20 Migrating Google's crawling documentation to a new location What : Migrated the following crawling documentation to a new location, Google's crawling infrastructure documentation (the content hasn't changed, only the location). Notable moves include: Overview of Google crawlers and fetchers Verify requests from Google crawlers and fetchers Reduce the Google crawl rate Google common crawlers How Google interprets the robots.txt specification To subscribe to updates about Google's crawling infrastructure, add the URL of the new changelog page to your feed reader , or add the feed URL directly: https://developers.google.com/crawling/docs/changelog/crawling_docs_updates.rss . Why : Google's crawling infrastructure is shared across a variety of Google products beyond Search, including Google Shopping, News, Gemini, AdSense, and more. The new site is a more logical home for this documentation and makes it easier to document new features and updates that are relevant to all of these products. November 19 Removing guidance on the Follow feature in Discover What : Removed guidance on the Follow feature from Google Discover documentation . Why : The Follow feature is no longer shown in Google Discover. November 12 Clarifying nesting in reviews and aggregate ratings What : Clarified the review snippet documentation to explain that site owners should avoid using multiple ways of indicating what's being reviewed. Why : To prevent ambiguity and make sure Google can better interpret your review and aggregate rating structured data. Adding a new user-triggered fetcher What : We added the Google-Pinpoint fetcher to the list of user-triggered fetchers. Why : The Google-Pinpoint fetcher is used by the Pinpoint research tool. Launching new merchant shipping policies documentation What : Added documentation for shipping policies . Why : We now support merchant-level shipping policy markup in Search. November 5 Removing and clarifying documentation for some structured data types What : Added a deprecation notice to the practice problem documentation. Starting in January 2026, we'll also be removing support for that feature in Search Console rich result reporting, the Rich Result Test, and the list of Search appearance filters . The Search Console API will continue to support the practice problem type through January 2026. Clarified that Dataset structured data is only used by Dataset Search , and not Google Search. Removed the deprecation banner from Book actions documentation , as there's still a feature using the markup in Google Search. Why : As part of our ongoing efforts to simplify the search results page , we are phasing out the practice problem and dataset structured data types from Google Search results. November 3 Adding a new user-triggered fetcher What : Based on feedback, we added the Google-CWS fetcher to the list of user-triggered fetchers. October 2025 October 15 Update the list of Google products that use the Read Aloud service What : Update the documentation on Google Read Aloud with an updated list of Google products that use the Read Aloud service. Why : Other Google products can now use the Google Read Aloud service. October 9 Adding Google-NotebookLM to the list of user-triggered fetchers What : Based on feedback, we added Google-NotebookLM to the list of user-triggered fetchers. September 2025 September 9 Removing documentation for some deprecated structured data types What : Removed documentation for the following structured data types: course info , estimated salary , learning video , special announcement , and vehicle listing . Why : These structured data types are no longer shown in Google Search results. Learn more about this change in our blog post . August 2025 August 28 Adding guidance for JavaScript-based paywalls What : Added new guidance on JavaScript-based paywall considerations . Why : To help sites understand challenges with the JavaScript-based paywall design pattern, as it makes it difficult for Google to automatically determine which content is paywalled and which isn't. Expanding the structured data carousels (beta) feature to South Africa What : Updated the structured data carousels (beta) documentation to include South Africa. Why : The feature is available in South Africa. July 2025 July 11 Updated documentation related to merchant return policies and loyalty programs What : Updated merchant return policy documentation and merchant listing documentation to clarify that (1) offer-level return policies only support a subset of organization-level return policies, and (2) merchant-level return policies must be defined under Organization markup. Updated loyalty program documentation and merchant listing documentation to clarify that (1) loyalty program information needs to be defined separately from offer-level loyalty benefits (price and points) under Organization markup on a separate page or on Merchant Center, and (2) shipping and returns loyalty benefits are not supported by Google at the moment. Why : Removing unclarities in the documentation and examples. July 1 Updating the Google Read Aloud user agent What : Updated Google Read Aloud user agent in HTTP requests with newer browser versions. Why : To accommodate sites which don't support old browser versions. June 2025 June 18 Revamped the URL structure documentation What : Reorganized the URL structure documentation so it has a clearer flow and is easier to navigate, with added examples based on real-world URLs we've encountered. Why : Every now and then, we revisit our documentation and look for ways to make it better. This is a docs-only change, no change in behavior. June 17 Adding feature availability information for loyalty program structured data What : Added a section on feature availability to the loyalty program documentation . Why : The feature is available in Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Mexico, the UK, and the US, on both desktop and mobile. June 16 AI Mode is now counting towards totals in Search Console What : Updated the AI feature documentation to point to the section about how AI Mode is counted towards the overall search traffic in Search Console. Why : Data from AI Mode is now counting towards the totals in the Search Console Performance report. June 12 Retiring a few structured data features What : Added banners to a few structured data features to indicate upcoming changes: book actions , course info , estimated salary , ClaimReview , learning video , special announcement , and vehicle listing . Why : As part of our ongoing efforts to simplify the Google Search results page, we will be phasing out support for a few structured data features in Search. Learn more in our blog post . June 11 Spring cleaning in our multilingual documentation What : Removed a section from our multilingual documentation about using robots.txt to block all automatically translated pages. Why : To align with our spam policy update in March 2024 . This is a docs-only change, no change in behavior. June 10 Launching new merchant return policies and loyalty program documentation What : Added documentation for loyalty programs and migrated the merchant return policy documentation to a separate page. Why : We now support loyalty program markup in Search. We migrated merchant return policies from the Organization documentation to a new dedicated document to make it easier to find return policy guidance. June 5 Updating our guidance for event structured data What : Added more examples of eliglible and illegible events to the events documentation . Also removed the online event properties. Why : To be eligible for the event experience on Google, events must be bookable by the general public and held at a physical location. Clarifying the use of the image property for recipes What : Clarified that the image property in Recipe structured data doesn't influence the image that's chosen as a text result image . Why : The image property in Recipe markup is only used for recipe rich results, not for text result images. June 4 Revamping our SafeSearch documentation What : Revamped our documentation for sites with explicit content to make sure our guidance is up-to-date with Google Search policies and algorithmic protections. Among other updates, we introduced best practices for moderating content and eliminating CSAM and non-consensual content , expanded documentation for sharing video bytes , and added more guidance on what to do if your site is incorrectly flagged as explicit . Why : To better help site owners reach their target audience while respecting user preferences around explicit content and minimizing access to violative explicit content. Also, the troubleshooting section has been separated for more clarity. Finally, Google Search is updating the ranking algorithms to more strongly affect the sites that host explicit videos but don't allow Googlebot to fetch those video files (these sites may experience a significant drop in ranking, especially in Video mode). May 2025 May 21 Adding documentation on AI features and using generative AI on your site What : Added new documentation on AI features and your site and Google Search's guidance on using generative AI content on your website . Learn more in our blog post on succeeding in Google's AI experiences on Search . Expanding the structured data carousels (beta) feature to Turkey What : Updated the structured data carousels (beta) documentation to include Turkey. Why : The feature is available in Turkey. May 12 Clarified best practices for shared images What : We updated the Google Image SEO best practices to clarify that URLs for images should be referenced consistently for easier crawling on larger websites. April 2025 April 25 Updated the description of the Google-Extended product token What : Based on publisher feedback, we updated the Google-Extended product token description to provide additional specificity and clarity. Correcting the description of the crawler preferences addressed to the Googlebot-News user agent What : Updated the Googlebot-News user agent description. Why : The description for how crawling preferences addressed to Googlebot-News mistakenly stated that they'd affect the News tab on Google, which is not the case. April 24 Updating the merchant listing documentation on energy efficiency What : Updated the merchant listing documentation on energy efficiency. Specifically, removed the EnergyConsumptionDetails properties, added a note on backwards compatibility for developers that implemented the original markup, and added an alternative solution to the certificationIdentification property for merchants that don't have EPREL codes. Why : As announced in October 2024 , the EnergyConsumptionDetails type has been replaced with the more robust Certification type. April 23 Deprecating the special announcement feature What : Added a deprecation notice to the special announcements documentation . Why : This feature will be deprecated starting July 31, 2025. April 11 Updating the interest forms for structured data carousels (beta) What : Updated the structured data carousels (beta) documentation to include the current interest forms and supported query types. Why : To reflect the current state of the feature and process for expressing interest. April 1 Expanding the education Q&amp;A carousel to Portuguese What : Updated the education Q&amp;A documentation to include Portuguese. Why : The education Q&amp;A carousel is available in Portuguese. March 2025 March 27 Removing AI while browsing documentation What : Removed the AI while browsing feature from the paywall documentation . Why : The AI while browsing feature is no longer available. March 17 Expanding the education Q&amp;A carousel to more languages What : Updated the education Q&amp;A documentation to include Spanish and Vietnamese. Why : The education Q&amp;A carousel is available in more languages. March 14 Updating the return policy examples What : Added returnPolicyCountry to the return policy examples . Why : returnPolicyCountry is required for MerchantReturnPolicy . March 7 Removing page annotations documentation What : Removed the Page Annotations feature from the control what you share with Google documentation . Why : The Page Annotations feature is no longer available. March 5 Adding AI Mode to the robots meta tag documentation What : Added information about AI Mode to the robots meta tags, data-nosnippet , and X-Robots-Tag specifications page . Why : AI Mode is now available in Search Labs. February 2025 February 13 Explaining how to encode various types of prices in structured data What : Added examples and instructions for using the priceType property and new beta validForMemberTier property to encode active prices, sale prices, strikethrough prices, and member prices in JSON-LD to the Merchant listing structured data guidelines. Why : To make it easier for merchants to specify complex pricing through structured data and bring parity with price features in Merchant Center . February 6 Adding documentation for using Google Analytics and Search Console data together What : Added new documentation about using Search Console and Google Analytics data for SEO . Why : Using Google Analytics and Search Console together can help you understand how people discover and experience your website, which can you make more informed decisions as you work on your site's SEO. January 2025 January 22 Updating feature availability of breadcrumb markup What : Added a feature availability section to the breadcrumb documentation to state that they only appear on desktop search results, not mobile. Why : Because of how breadcrumbs get truncated on smaller screens, we've found this feature isn't as useful to people who are searching on mobile. Breadcrumbs will continue to appear on desktop search results. Learn more in our blog post . January 21 Clarifying the site reputation abuse policy What : Updated the site reputation abuse policy to include guidance from our blog post's FAQ on site reputation abuse . Why : To make it easier to find this guidance. These are editiorial changes only, no change in behavior. January 15 Adding a recommendation about accepting ratings and reviews What : Added a recommendation to our review snippet documentation . Why : We recommend implementing a setup that only accepts ratings and reviews that are accompanied by a review comment and author's name, as this approach can help your users understand the context for a given rating. 2024 updates December 2024 December 18 Consolidating the robots.txt error handling documentation What : Consolidated robots.txt error handling documentation into a single spot. Why : We previously had information about robots.txt error handling in several places (specifically, HTTP status codes and Search Console documentation ), which lead to some confusion. This is a docs-only change, no change in behavior. December 17 Documentation for managing crawling of faceted navigation URLs What : Added new documentation about crawling faceted navigation URLs . Why : While the information was already public in form of a blog post , it was never officially made into documentation. December 9 Documentation for cache control support of Google's crawlers What : Added a section about how Google's crawlers handle cache control headers in the overview of Google's crawlers . Why : While the information was already public in form of a blog post, it was never officially made into documentation. November 2024 November 29 Removing sitelinks search box documentation What : Removed the sitelinks search box documentation and archived the nositelinkssearchbox rule . Why : The sitelinks search box feature is no longer available in Google Search results . November 20 Added information about opting out of the Page Annotations feature. What : Added information about opting out of the Page Annotations feature that's available on the iOS Google App. Why : The new Page Annotations feature was launched recently. November 19 Updated our site reputation abuse policy What : Updated language to make it clear that using third-party content on a site in an attempt to exploit the site's ranking signals is a violation of this policy &mdash; regardless of whether there is first-party involvement or oversight of the content. Why : See our blog post for more details on what changed and why. Updated our Guide to Google Search ranking systems What : Brought over and expanded language from March 2024 blog post FAQ about site signals. Why : To make it easier for those interested to understand through our documentation that we have both page-level and site-wide signals used in ranking. November 13 Added information on how C2PA metadata can appear in Search What : Added information on how Google extracts C2PA metadata for use in Search. Why : Google Search now supports this metadata in the "About this image" feature. November 1 Added notice about links for large websites with differing mobile and desktop pages What : Added a best practice about making sure all links are present on the mobile version to the crawl budget documentation. Why : For large websites with separate HTML on mobile and desktop versions, the discovery of new pages can be slower if the mobile version does not include all the links that are present on the desktop version. October 2024 October 24 New documentation for Google Trends What : Added a page explaining how to get started with Google Trends . Why : Google Trends can help you better understand how people find information on Google Search, which can help you to develop your content strategy and refine how you talk to your audience. Updating favicon size and aspect ratio requirements What : Updated the favicon guidelines to state that favicons must have a 1:1 aspect ratio and be at least 8x8px in size, with a strong recommendation for using a higher resolution favicon of at least 48x48px. Why : To reflect the actual requirements for favicons. October 23 Clarifying URL parameter best practices What : Added a URL parameters best practice to the URL structure documentation . Why : To make it easier to find guidance about URL parameters, as it was previously only mentioned in the faceted navigation blog post . October 7 Clarifying support for robots.txt fields What : Clarified that fields that aren't listed in our robots.txt documentation aren't supported. Why : We sometimes get questions about fields that aren't explicitly listed as supported, and we want to make it clear that they aren't. October 3 Adding support for certifications What : Added Certification markup support for merchant listings in the product structured data documentation . Why : Starting in April 2025, we're replacing the EnergyConsumptionDetails type with the more robust Certification type, as the new type supports more countries and a broader scope of certifications. October 2 Removing noarchive What : Moved the noarchive rule to a historical reference section in the robots meta tag documentation. Why : The cached link feature is no longer available in Google Search results. You don't need to remove the meta tag, as other search engines and services may be using it. October 1 Clarifying dynamically-generated Product markup What : Added two best practices for handling structured data when optimizing for shopping results in our documentation on product markup and generating structured data with JavaScript . We recommend putting Product markup in the initial HTML for best results, and making sure that your server can handle increased traffic if you're generating Product markup with JavaScript. Why : To clarify that JavaScript-generated markup is supported for ecommerce sites, but there are some best practices to keep in mind. September 2024 September 25 Spam policy clarifications What : Clarified some wording in our spam policies for Google web search to focus more on what web spam is and the tactics involved. Also integrated an explanation of close involvement from our blog post for easier reference, and clarified that trying to circumvent our policies can also result in ranking lower or not at all. Why : We review and refresh our documentation periodically. This update is part of that process. September 24 Removing the cache: search operator documentation What : Removed the cache: search operator documentation. Why : The cache: search operator no longer works in Google Search. September 23 Adding support for sale pricing What : Added the priceType property to the merchant listing documentation . Also added new sale pricing examples . Why : To make it easier for merchants to specify sale pricing through structured data and bring parity with price features in Merchant Center . September 17 Migrated the JavaScript guidance for infinite scroll What : Migrated guidance from the blog post on infinite scroll to our documentation for infinite scroll . There is no change in the guidance. Why : To make it easier to find our recommendations on infinite scroll and make sure it's still up to date. September 16 Updating the HTTP user agent string of GoogleProducer What : Updated the URL in the GoogleProducer HTTP user agent string in the documentation for Google's user-triggered fetchers to match the value used by the actual fetcher. Why : The HTTP user agent string used by GoogleProducer was recently updated and future fetches will use the new value. Adding content encoding information to the crawler documentation What : Added information about the content encodings (compressions) supported by Google's crawlers and user-triggered fetchers . This is just documentation change, no change in behavior. Why : We realized we never actually documented the content encodings Google's crawlers support, even though we blogged about it in the past . Reorganizing the crawler documentation What : Reorganized the documentation for Google's crawlers and user-triggered fetchers . We also added explicit notes about what product each crawler affects, and added a robots.txt snippet for each crawler to demonstrate how to use the user agent tokens. There were no meaningful changes to the content otherwise. Why : The documentation grew very long which limited our ability to extend the content about our crawlers and user-triggered fetchers. September 11 Clarifying Indexing API usage guidelines What : Clarified that submissions to the Indexing API are subject to spam detection. Why : Usage of the Indexing API is subject to spam detection, and attempts to exceed quotas may result in revoked access. September 10 Video markup accepts ineligibleRegion What : Added the ineligibleRegion property to the video structured data documentation. Why : Google accepts the ineligibleRegion property as another way to restrict a video . September 4 Clarifying quota and usage of the Indexing API What : Clarified that the default quota is for setting up the Indexing API, and how to request approval and quota . Also corrected a documentation error for DefaultRequestsPerMinutePerProject quota (it's always been a 380 quota). Why : To better explain that the default quota is for initial setup and testing, and it requires additional approval for usage and resource provisioning. August 2024 August 30 Adding support for AVIF What : Added AVIF to the list of supported image formats . Why : Google Search now supports AVIF . August 26 Clarifying how organization markup is used What : Updated the introduction for organization markup to clarify how the markup is used in Google Search. Why : To better explain that some properties can influence which logo is shown, while others are used behind the scenes. Adding og:title to the list of title link sources What : Added og:title to the list of title link sources . Why : Google Search can use content within og:title meta tags to automatically generate title links. August 23 Improving the Video SEO documentation What : Overhauled the video SEO best practices . Notably, we clarified the video indexing criteria and technical requirements , added a new watch page section, and expanded our examples. Why : Based on feedback submissions, we revisited our video SEO guidance to clarify what's eligible for a video result and how site owners can make it easier for Google to find their videos. Clarifying how profile page and discussion forum markup is used What : Updated how profile page and discussion forum markup is used in Google Search. Why : Perspectives was renamed to Forums in Google Search. August 20 Introducing the Google-CloudVertexBot crawler What : Added Google-CloudVertexBot to the list of Google crawlers , a new crawler that crawls sites on the site owners' request when building Vertex AI Agents . Why : The new crawler was introduced to help site owners identify the new crawler traffic. August 15 Improvements to the core updates documentation What : Restructured the core updates documentation so it has clearer sections and includes information from other docs (such as traffic drops and the self-assessment guidance). Reduced duplication with the helpful content FAQ and redirected that page. Moved the helpful content system section to the archived section of the ranking systems guide. Why : To better help site owners assess a traffic drop and make improvements to their site. Also, the helpful content system became part of core ranking systems (as we previously shared in March 2024). Clarifying how AI Overviews are logged in Search Console What : Clarified that AI Overviews are counted and logged in Search Console in the Performance report. This is a documentation clarification on methodology only, and not a change in Search Console reports. Why : To confirm the methodology behind how clicks, impressions, and position are recorded for AI Overviews, just as we do for featured snippets, carousels, and other types of Search results. August 9 Removing Notes documentation What : Removed the documentation about Notes. Why : The Notes experiment is no longer available. If you created a note , your notes content is available to download using Google Takeout through the end of August 2024. July 2024 July 31 Geo Data Upload string and URL update What : Replaced the Geo Data Upload tool references in the Get on Google documentation with the Google Maps Content Partners resource. Why : The Geo Data Upload name and support pages are deprecated. July 31 Non-consensual fake imagery update What : Clarified how Google handles sites with a high proportion of sexually explicit non-consensual, fake imagery in our spam policies and ranking systems guide . July 24 Google Publisher Center user agent string update What : Changed the Google Publisher Center user agent string from GoogleProducer; (+http://goo.gl/7y4SX) to GoogleProducer; (+https://developers.google.com/search/docs/crawling-indexing/overview-google-crawlers#googleproducer) . If you hardcoded the old value in your code, update the string to avoid potential bugs. Why : goo.gl is going away . July 19 A note about Notes What : Added a note about the status of Notes to the Notes documentation. Why : Notes is winding down at the end of July 2024. July 11 Adding more detail about shipping and return policy precedence What : Added Search Console shipping and return settings as an option and expanded on how precedence works in the organization and merchant listing documentation. Why : Search Console now supports shipping and return settings , and we want to make it clearer how overriding works when combining various configurations. July 10 Expanding translated results to more languages What : Updated the translated results documentation to include the following languages: Arabic, Gujarati, Korean, Persian, Thai, Turkish, Urdu, Vietnamese. Why : Translated results now support more languages. July 9 Supporting a new IPTC digital source type What : Added compositeWithTrainedAlgorithmicMedia to the IPTC photo metadata documentation . Why : Google can now extract the compositeWithTrainedAlgorithmicMedia IPTC NewsCode. July 5 Clarifying fragment URL guidance What : Clarified our guidance about fragment URLs in the URL structure documentation . Why : To make it easier to find the guideline about fragment URLs, as it was previously only mentioned in the JavaScript and mobile sites documentation. June 2024 June 21 Clarifying return policy precedence What : Clarified in the organization-level return policy documentation that product-level return policy markup takes precedence over organization-level return policy markup. If you choose to use both markup (whether it's at the product- or organization-level, or both) and settings in Merchant Center, the Merchant Center return policy information takes precedence for any products submitted in your Merchant Center product feeds. Why : To address user feedback about which return policy method takes precedence. June 20 Marking up categories with many items for structured data carousels (beta) What : Added guidance on how to mark up categories with many items to the structured data carousels (beta) . Why : We received a question through our feedback button about how to implement this markup for categories with many items, such as paginated content or infinite scroll. June 12 Clarifying link tag attributes What : Clarified in our hreflang documentation that link tags for denoting alternate versions of a page must not be combined in a single link tag. Why : While debugging a report from a site owner we noticed we don't have this quirk documented. June 11 Adding support for Organization -level return policies What : Added documentation on how to specify a general return policy for an Organization as a whole. Why : This makes it easier to define and maintain general return policies for an entire site. Removing home activity documentation What : Removed documentation on home activity structured data . Why : The home activity feature no longer appears in Google Search results. June 4 Publishing a new video SEO case study What : Added a new case study about how Vidio brought more locally relevant video-on-demand (VOD) content for Indonesian users through Google Search . Why : To show how adding video structured data and following best practices can improve video discoverability. Updating Discussion Forum guidelines What : Confirm that SocialMediaPosting markup is also supported and allow only image or video in comments without text . Why : To more accurately reflect how the data ingestion for these features work and to remove noise in validation reports. Resolving the issue with site names and internal pages What : Removed the warning about the issue that was preventing new site names from propagating to internal pages. Why : The issue has been resolved. Keep in mind that it takes time for Google to recrawl and process the new information, including recrawling your internal pages. May 2024 May 23 Adding epub to indexable file types What : Added EPUB to the list of indexable file types . Why : Google Search now supports epub. May 16 Introducing the GoogleOther-Image and GoogleOther-Video crawlers What : Added two new crawlers, GoogleOther-Image and GoogleOther-Video , which are versions of GoogleOther optimized for fetching image and video bytes respectively. While at it, we also updated the list of user agent strings of GoogleOther to better reflect the most active user agent versions. Why : The new crawlers were launched to better support crawling of binary data that may be used for research and development. May 14 Introduced AI Overviews in the documentation What : Added a separate page for AI Overviews and your website , and updated the existing pages for robots meta tags and subscription and paywalled content accordingly. Why : AI Overviews in Search are replacing Search Generative Experience. May 1 Restructuring the Product structured data documentation What : Reorganized the Product structured data documentation into three pages: intro to product markup , product snippet , and merchant listing . Added a new section about deciding which markup to use . Why : The previous tabbed structure was difficult to navigate and find the property you were looking for. April 2024 April 26 Improvements to the debugging traffic drops documentation What : Expanded on the effects of algorithmic updates and how to identify them. Simplified the section on policy and manual actions to be about spam issues. Why : To better help site owners identify reasons for a traffic drop. April 25 Exporting an additional range of Google fetcher IP addresses What : Added an additional list of IP addresses for fetchers that are controlled by Google products, as opposed to, for example, a user controlled Apps Script . The new list, user-triggered-fetchers-google.json , contains IP ranges that have been in use for a long time. Why : It became technically possible to export the ranges. Removing the iOS variant of AdsBot Mobile Web What : Removing the iOS variant of AdsBot Mobile Web from the list of Google crawlers . Why : Simplify maintenance of AdsBot. April 24 Adding definitions for favicon rel attribute values What : Added definitions for each supported rel attribute value in the favicon documentation . Why : We got a question about which value to use for a favicon and if there's a difference. April 17 Removing video carousel (limited access) documentation What : Removed video carousel guidance from the video structured data documentation . Why : We initially tested video carousel markup with a group of site owners, and ultimately found that it wasn't useful for the ecosystem at scale. You can leave the markup on your site so that search engines and other systems can better understand your web page. April 16 Clarifying image extraction source What : Clarified that images are only extracted from the src attribute of img tags. Why : While not a new change, we occasionally get questions about what HTML elements Google Search can extract images from. April 11 Clarifying the beta carousels feature What : Clarified that the beta carousel feature is for sites that have a summary page that links out to other detail pages on their website. The markup must be on the summary page, and you don't need to add markup to the detail pages in order to be eligible for this feature. Why : Based on feedback and questions you submitted, we added more precise guidance on what use cases are supported and what page you need to add markup. This is a documentation update only; there's no material change in feature requirements or eligibility. March 2024 March 28 Clarified our changelog entry regarding availability of Web Stories What : Clarified our February 8 changelog entry regarding the feature availability of Web Stories in Google Images. Why : Web Stories continue to appear in Google Images, just as other web content may appear, but Web Stories no longer appear with the Web Stories icon in Google Images. Also, a bug that was blocking Search Console reporting for these URLs in Google Images is now resolved . March 25 Added 3D models for products What : We added new 3DModel markup support for merchant listings in the product structured data documentation . Why : Sometimes 3D models appear on pages with multiple products and are not clearly connected with any of them. This markup lets site owners link a 3D model to a specific product. March 12 Clarified references to page experience and Core Web Vitals What : Clarified how we talk about page experience and Core Web Vitals in our documentation on page experience , signed exchanges and ecommerce pagination . Additionally updated to reflect that INP is now a Core Web Vital. Why : INP replaces FID as a Core Web Vital . March 6 Cleaning up recipe documentation What : Removed guided recipes from the recipe structured data documentation . Why : As this Google Assistant feature was removed , we're updating our recipe markup documentation to reflect that change. There's no change needed from site owners; all properties continue to be recommended for use in Google Search. March 5 New spam policies We added 3 new spam policies: expired domain abuse , scaled content abuse , and site reputation abuse . Also added a new FAQ on helpful content . Check out our blog post for more details on what changed and why. Generic Chrome version for Google StoreBot What : Updated the Google StoreBot user agent (in Overview of Google crawlers ) to use a placeholder version of Chrome. If you hardcoded the old value in your code, update it to ignore the version. Why : To make it easier for the Google Shopping team to maintain the StoreBot crawler. February 2024 February 29 Adding new carousel documentation (beta) What : Added documentation for structured data carousels (beta) . Why : To make it easier for site owners to add carousel markup for new query types, such as for travel, local, and shopping queries. Added opt out information for place entities in Page Insights What : Added information about how site owners can opt out of display in the Place Entity feature in Page Insights. Why : To make it easier for site owners to control how their content appears on Google. February 20 Added support for product variants What : Added new product variant structured data documentation . Also added a new isVariantOf property to the product structured data documentation and clarified that Google support product variants with distinct URLs . Why : To better support product variant scenarios for ecommerce sites. Since product variants can be a complex and important concept for ecommerce websites (especially for categories like apparel and electronics), we're providing more examples and guidance on how to add product variant structured data. Clarified return fees markup for products What : Clarified when to use FreeReturn versus ReturnShippingFees as value for returnFees for product returns in the product structured data documentation . Why : To better support more granular shipping and return fee scenarios. February 15 Clarifying the extraction of rel="canonical" annotations What : Clarified that rel="canonical" annotations with certain attributes are not used for canonicalization. Why : The rel="canonical" annotations help Google determine which URL of a set of duplicates is the canonical. Adding certain attributes to the link element changes the meaning of the annotation to denote a different device or language version. This is a documentation change only; Google has always ignored these rel="canonical" annotations for canonicalization purposes. February 9 Clarifying the use of spaces in product SKUs What : Clarified what characters are allowed in product SKUs in the Product structured data documentation . Why : To better explain why a sku value might be invalid in the Rich Results Test. Image removals documentation refresh What : Part of our ongoing efforts to keep our documentation accurate, we updated the documentation for image removals with more precise language, and addressed some documentation feedback. Why : We review and, if necessary, refresh our documentation periodically. This update is part of that process. February 8 Updated the availability of Web Stories What : Updated the feature availability of Web Stories. Why : To make sure our documentation aligns with how the feature appears in Google Search. Web Stories don't appear in Google Images with an icon anymore, and the grid view is now a carousel view in Search results. Updated the description of the Google-Extended product token What : With the name change of Bard to Gemini Apps, we clarified that Gemini Apps is affected by Google-Extended , and, based on publisher feedback, we specified that Google-Extended doesn't affect Google Search. February 7 Updated Dynamic Search Ad targets crawl frequency What : Updated the crawl frequency for Dynamic Search Ad targets in the managing crawl budget guide . Why : To reduce stress on sites, Dynamic Search Ads crawls now occur less frequently, 21 days instead of 14 days. February 6 Revisited JavaScript documentation What : Reviewed our guidance on JavaScript SEO basics , fixing Search-related JavaScript problems , lazy-loading content to remove outdated or unnecessary information. We updated our documentation on dynamic rendering to clarify it's a deprecated workaround. Why : Feedback from you showed us there are opportunities to improve and clarify a few aspects. A few things, like dynamic rendering, have evolved in the past few years and our documentation now reflects these developments. February 5 A new case study What : Added a new case study about how How Wix generated value for their users by integrating Google APIs . Why : To explain how a CMS platform can integrate Google APIs directly into their UI, and what impact it had for their users. February 2 Revamping the SEO Starter Guide The SEO Starter Guide got a refresh: we removed outdated content, streamlined and simplified other parts, and added a few sections. Check out our blog post for more in-depth explanation on what we changed and why. January 2024 January 25 Refreshing the Googlebot documentation What : Part of our ongoing efforts to keep our documentation accurate, we updated the documentation for Googlebot with more precise language. There was no actionable change to the documentation otherwise. Why : We review and, if necessary, refresh our documentation periodically. This update is part of that process. January 10 More accessible anchor texts What : Part of our ongoing efforts to make our documentation more accessible, we updated various anchor texts so they're more descriptive of the target page. Why : Depending on the settings of a screen reader, the user may be jumping from link to link on a page, thus each anchor text on a page should be descriptive , even without the surrounding context. January 9 Switching @id references to use hashtags What : Switch all structured data code examples that use in-page @id references to use hashtags instead. For example, the clips example in our recipe documentation . Why : It's a schema best practice to use hashtags as resolvable in-page node identifiers in RDF, and we want our examples follow best practices. However, you don't need to change your existing IDs if you're still using in-page identifiers. Adding support for suggestedAge to Product What : Added support for the suggestedAge property as an alternative to suggestedMaxAge and suggestedMinAge . Clarified the list of possible values for age ranges in our Product structured data documentation . Why : We want to make it easier and more flexible for people to specify age ranges for a product. Also, the previous wording was confusing and didn't map well to the Merchant Center documentation about product age ranges. January 5 Clarifying primary source of snippets What : Clarified in our documentation about snippets that the primary source of the snippet is the page content itself. Why : The previous wording incorrectly implied that structured data and the meta description HTML element are the primary sources for snippets. 2023 updates December 2023 December 19 : Further clarified how Google handles sites with a high proportion of non-consensual explicit imagery in our spam policies and ranking systems guide . December 18 : Added transcript of December 2023 Google SEO Office Hours . December 14 : Updated the Discussion Forum and Q&amp;A page documentation to explicitly clarify that author URLs are recommended. December 13 : Updated the Organization documentation to explain that telephone and email can be specified at the Organization level besides contactPoint . December 12 : Added information about course info availability. December 4 : Added vacation rental structured data documentation. December 1 : Removed mentions of the Mobile Friendly Test and the Mobile Usability report throughout our documentation, as they are going away . November 2023 November 29 : Add new Organization documentation, which merges the Logo documentation and includes more organizational information (such as contact info, legal name, and business identifiers). November 27 : Added profile page structured data documentation , discussion forum structured data documentation , and expanded recommendations for Q&amp;A page structured data documentation . November 15 : Added documentation for Notes and your website . Added course info structured data document
