URL: https://www.ccalumni-florida.com/announcing-our-2021-scholarships/
ORG: Cornwall College Alumni Association Inc - linked doc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Announcing our 2021 Scholarships &#8211; Cornwall College Alumini Association of South Florida Home About General Info News and Announcements Men of Might Newsletter Executive Team Projects Memoriam Events Events Gallery Event Sponsorship Souvenir Journal Shop Membership Give Hurricane Relief Fund a Scholarship Track &#038; Field Scholarships Request Funds Connect Cornwallian Magazines Archives News Details Home News Details By No Comments Announcing our 2021 Scholarships The Cornwall College Alumni Association of South Florida is pleased to announce our 2021 academic scholarships aimed at providing financial support to students at Cornwall College. There shall be two (2) types of scholarships, renewable and non-renewable. Renewable: There shall be renewable scholarships (grades 8 thru 13) that will renew yearly for the maximum number of years that the scholarship recipient is enrolled at the institution. If a scholarship awardee is withdrawn from the program, then another awardee from the same grade will be selected. Non-renewable: There shall be one-time scholarships. A successful candidate will need to re-apply for successive years. The selected awardees must satisfy our application criteria and adhere to the rules and regulations of the CCAA Scholarship program. Please direct students and their parents to the https://www.ccalumni- florida.com/scholarships website for more info and to apply. The deadline for applications for the 2021-2022 school year is August 1st. Please distribute the attached scholarship flyer to your students and parents via your communication channels and direct any related questions to scholarships@ccalumni- florida.com . Post Tags scholarships school year 2021 Amazing things happen when caring people join together for a great cause. Become a Member Contact Us Send us a message 151 N. Nob Hill Rd. Suite 199 Plantation, FL 33324 Our Links About Us Membership Scholarships Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Other Links Cornwall College New York Chapter Canadian Chapter Mid-Atlantic Chapter Our Mission To preserve and perpetuate the heritage of Cornwall College as a Top 10, Jamaican High School that provides the foundation for developing outstanding Leaders for the Global Community. © 2025 Cornwall College Alumni Association, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
