URL: https://billkentfamilyfoundation.org
ORG: Bill Kent Family Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Bill Kent Family Foundation &#8211; Supporting Economic Empowerment &amp; Diversity. Search Bill Kent Family Foundation Supporting Economic Empowerment &amp; Diversity. Our Mission The Bill Kent Family Foundation employs Christian traditions and is committed to democratic values and social justice, including fairness, diversity, and community. We seek to: Contribute to building a socially and economically just society that values nature and protects the ecological balance for future generations Promote humane health care Foster educational programs, arts and culture that enriches communities. The Bill Kent Family Foundation spearheaded the Every Child a Swimmer Legislation which will require, starting with the 2022 school year, that every school provides parents with both water safety information and a list of local resources where they can have their child learn to swim. This is part of the International Swimming Hall of Fame’s (ISHOF) mission to promote Every Child A Swimmer and prevent childhood drownings. Read more about the law. View our Every Child a Swimmer Scholarship Recipients The Foundation’s approach to grant-making embodies some basic themes in all of its programs: Concern for the poor, disadvantaged, and undeserved Respect for diversity Promotion of understanding across cultures Economic empowerment of communities in need Sign up for updates Home - Sign up for Updates First Name Last Name Email Address * Captcha If you are human, leave this field blank. &#916; Contact Information ADDRESS 2845 NE 9th St. Apt. 1501 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33304 PHONE 954.673.2058 Contact Information ADDRESS 2845 NE 9th St. Apt. 1501 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33304 PHONE 954.673.2058 Click here to accept Marketing cookies and load this content Copyright Bill Kent Family Foundation 2026 &#8211; All Rights Reserved Cookie Consent We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. By using our site, you consent to cookies. Preferences Reject Accept All Cookie Preferences &times; Manage your cookie preferences below: Toggle Essential Essential Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the proper function of the website. Name Description Duration Cookie Preferences This cookie is used to store the user's cookie consent preferences. 30 days Cookie Preferences This cookie is used to store the user's cookie consent preferences. 30 days Toggle Comments Comments These cookies are needed for adding comments on this website. Name Description Duration comment_author Used to track the user across multiple sessions. Session comment_author_email Used to track the user across multiple sessions. Session comment_author_url Used to track the user across multiple sessions. Session Toggle Statistics Statistics Statistics cookies collect information anonymously. This information helps us understand how visitors use our website. Toggle Google Analytics Google Analytics Google Analytics is a powerful tool that tracks and analyzes website traffic for informed marketing decisions. Service URL: policies.google.com (opens in a new window) Name Description Duration _gat_gtag_UA_281930_7 a few seconds __utmc Used only with old Urchin versions of Google Analytics and not with GA.js. Was used to distinguish between new sessions and visits at the end of a session. End of session (browser) __utmz Contains information about the traffic source or campaign that directed user to the website. The cookie is set when the GA.js javascript is loaded and updated when data is sent to the Google Anaytics server 6 months after last activity __utmv Contains custom information set by the web developer via the _setCustomVar method in Google Analytics. This cookie is updated every time new data is sent to the Google Analytics server. 2 years after last activity __utmx Used to determine whether a user is included in an A / B or Multivariate test. 18 months _ga ID used to identify users 2 years _gali Used by Google Analytics to determine which links on a page are being clicked 30 seconds _ga_ ID used to identify users 2 years _gid ID used to identify users for 24 hours after last activity 24 hours _gat Used to monitor number of Google Analytics server requests when using Google Tag Manager 1 minute _gac_ Contains information related to marketing campaigns of the user. These are shared with Google AdWords / Google Ads when the Google Ads and Google Analytics accounts are linked together. 90 days __utma ID used to identify users and sessions 2 years after last activity __utmt Used to monitor number of Google Analytics server requests 10 minutes __utmb Used to distinguish new sessions and visits. This cookie is set when the GA.js javascript library is loaded and there is no existing __utmb cookie. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to the Google Analytics server. 30 minutes after last activity Toggle Cookie Policy Cookie Policy You can find more information in our Cookie Policy . Accept All Close Save and Close 
