URL: https://figgersfoundation.org
ORG: Figgers Foundation
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Home | The Figgers Foundation Home --> About Us About Us Who We Are Our Mission --> Our Vision --> Board of Directors Leadership Council Executive Team "Don't let your circumstances define who you are" Freddie Figgers Our Impact Our Impact Bridging the Digital Divide Bike Dreams Help Everyday People The Hidden Figgers Scholarships Food Insecurity and Disaster Assistance Think Tank Every Child Christmas Teacher Recognition and Assistance Covid 19 "Rise By Lifting Others" The Figgers Foundation News Figgers Institute Florida Family Donate Txt2Give The Figgers Foundation EIN 83-2013108 (850) 392-7781 Wire Transfer When making a gift of cash via wire transfer, please notify The Figgers Foundation at (800) 391-2803 to obtain wire instructions. Phone To make a donation via phone, please call (800) 391-2803 Mail Please make your check payable to The Figgers Foundation and send to: The Figgers Foundation 451 N State Road 7 Plantation, Florida 33317 Donate Online Support Our Missions Other Ways to Donate Helping April Scan to Donate with Cash App The Figgers Foundation is a 501(c)(3) and all donations are tax deductible. EIN 83-2013108 Donate Home About Us Who We Are Our Mission --> Board of Directors Leadership Council Our Impact Bridging the Digital Divide Bike Dreams Help Everyday People The Hidden Figgers Scholarships Food Insecurity and Disaster Assistance Think Tank Every Child Christmas Teacher Recognition and Assistance Covid 19 News Support Our Missions Other Ways to Donate Contact Us Donate Share this on: Newsletter Subscription Stay up-to-date by subscribing to our newsletter: Subscribe Stay Connected Stay up-to-date by subscribing to our newsletter: Submit Your browser does not support the video tag. 27,000 + Families Impacted 250 + Locations Served 180 + Community Partners $ 7.8 M+ Resources Provided Stories of Impact Updates showcasing our continued efforts and expanding community reach. View All Impact Stories Figgers Foundation offers free mobile devices and internet in Okeechobee County December 15, 2026 The Figgers Foundation has announced a new initiative to provide free mobile devices and internet service to residents of Okeechobee County ... Read Full Story Closing the digital divide equips Big Bend&#x2019;s most vulnerable | Opinion May 15, 2026 Contrary to popular belief, many families living below the poverty line are looking for a hand up in this life, not a handout. Every day, I... Read Full Story New program brings free internet and devices to children of incarcerated parents January 29, 2026 Florida Connect Program provides devices and internet to children of incarcerated parents in Gadsden County and rural communities. Read Full Story Figgers Foundation Celebrate the Graduation of Youth Tech Program Students in Partnership with Housing Authority of Pompano Beach January 27, 2026 The Figgers Foundation recently partnered with the Housing Authority of Pompano Beach to celebrate students who graduated from a community-b... Read Full Story A Christmas of Reentry and Restoration: Bringing Hope and Dignity Behind the Walls December 25, 2025 A Christmas of Reentry and Restoration brought dignity, hope, and unity to the Gadsden County Jail, as The Figgers Foundation shared a cater... Read Full Story Figgers Foundation to provide internet, cell service to people in 18 Florida counties December 15, 2025 A non-profit called the Figgers Foundation is working to bring connectivity to rural counties in the state with their Florida Connect campa... Read Full Story Paying it forward, not back: Figgers Foundation helps bridges digital divide in rural NCFL December 15, 2025 A non-profit called the Figgers Foundation is working to bring connectivity to rural counties in the state with their Florida Connect campai... Read Full Story Figgers Foundation Launches &#x201C;Figgers Feeding Families&#x201D; to Support Local Households During the Holiday Season November 28, 2025 The Figgers Foundation proudly announces the launch of Figgers Feeding Families, a holiday initiative that provides grocery gift cards to fa... Read Full Story Our Programs Updates reflecting our continued commitment and expanding community impact. Explore All Programs Digital Access Expanding broadband connectivity and device deployment to underserved families in Florida. Education Support Scholarships and academic mentorship initiatives for next-gen leaders. Senior Assistance Supporting our most vulnerable senior citizens across state of Florida. Florida Families Impact providing financial assistance to Families across Florida. Health Technology Advancing telehealth access and digital literacy for better health outcomes. Partner with us to expand these programs across the country. Get Involved Stories Across Our Communities Real people, real impact. View All Stories Students Empowering the next generation through digital access. Seniors Connecting our elders to family and healthcare. Reentry Second chances through technology training. Digital Divide Bridging the gap in rural communities. Health Telehealth access for underserved populations. Partner Programs Program to Transform the Lives of Young Men. Community Partners The Figgers Foundation and our partner organizations provide nourishment; expand educational horizons; and support our brothers and sisters however they need it. Together we strengthen the foundation of our community and build our collective future. Capital Medical Society Citrus Memorial Hospital Inverness Cleveland Clinic Ft Lauderdale MLK Community Health Foundation Preventative Cardiology & Internal Medicine Assoc Flight to the North Pole Capital Medical Society MLK Community Health Foundation Back to top 1-800-391-2803 Info@FiggersFoundation.org 451 North State Road 7 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33317 Quick Links News and Happenings Annual Reports Shipment Tracking Palm Beach Healthcare Tablet for All Florida Connect Tech Innovation Program Membership & Acredied Organization Support Our Work Donate Now Helping April Subscribe Newsletter Subscription Stay up-to-date by subscribing to our newsletter: Go --> Subscribe --> Warning : Use of undefined constant php - assumed 'php' (this will throw an Error in a future version of PHP) in /home/freddie2402/public_html/figgersfoundation.org/templates/footer/widget-newsletter.php on line 24 order-tracking/employee" title="" target="_blank">Employee Portal --> --> Contact Us Privacy Terms & Conditions Employee Portal Copyright &copy; The Figgers Foundation . All rights reserved. 
