URL: https://figgersfoundation.org/Scholarships
ORG: Figgers Foundation - The Hidden Figgers Scholarships
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 The Hidden Figgers Scholarships | The Figgers Foundation Home --> About Us About Us Who We Are Our Mission --> Our Vision --> Board of Directors Leadership Council Executive Team "Don't let your circumstances define who you are" Freddie Figgers Our Impact Our Impact Bridging the Digital Divide Bike Dreams Help Everyday People The Hidden Figgers Scholarships Food Insecurity and Disaster Assistance Think Tank Every Child Christmas Teacher Recognition and Assistance Covid 19 "Rise By Lifting Others" The Figgers Foundation News Figgers Institute Florida Family Donate Txt2Give The Figgers Foundation EIN 83-2013108 (850) 392-7781 Wire Transfer When making a gift of cash via wire transfer, please notify The Figgers Foundation at (800) 391-2803 to obtain wire instructions. Phone To make a donation via phone, please call (800) 391-2803 Mail Please make your check payable to The Figgers Foundation and send to: The Figgers Foundation 451 N State Road 7 Plantation, Florida 33317 Donate Online Support Our Missions Other Ways to Donate Helping April Scan to Donate with Cash App The Figgers Foundation is a 501(c)(3) and all donations are tax deductible. EIN 83-2013108 Donate Home About Us Who We Are Our Mission --> Board of Directors Leadership Council Our Impact Bridging the Digital Divide Bike Dreams Help Everyday People The Hidden Figgers Scholarships Food Insecurity and Disaster Assistance Think Tank Every Child Christmas Teacher Recognition and Assistance Covid 19 News Support Our Missions Other Ways to Donate Contact Us Donate Share this on: Newsletter Subscription Stay up-to-date by subscribing to our newsletter: Subscribe Stay Connected Stay up-to-date by subscribing to our newsletter: Submit --> Success Stories Your browser does not support the video tag. OVERVIEW Hidden Figgers Scholarship The Hidden Figgers Scholarship continues its commitment to helping outstanding students who come from low-income backgrounds to realize their maximum potential. The Hidden Figgers scholarship program is based on evidence that by eliminating financial barriers to higher education, a scholarship can enable high-potential, low-income students to excel in their course work, graduate college/CTE, and continue to be leaders throughout their lives. In addition to funding, The Hidden Figgers Scholarship will provide further support to scholars, by engaging with them in a variety of ways, to ensure they have access to the resources and services they need. Hidden Figgers Scholarships (HFS) are highly selective, scholarship for outstanding Florida high school seniors from low-income households. Each year, the scholarship is awarded to 15-20 of these student leaders, with the intent of helping them realize their maximum potential. click to see past recipients Award Scholars will receive a $500 – $2,000 scholarship to be used specifically towards tuition at a college, university or career &amp; technical education program. *Costs can include, tuition, fees, room, board, books, and transportation, and may include other personal costs. Basic Eligibility To apply, student must Be a high school senior in the State of Florida. Be a US citizen, national, or permanent resident. Be in good academic standing with a minimum cumulative weighted GPA of 2.4 on a 4.0 scale (or equivalent) Submit a typed 1-2 page essay explaining need for scholarship Ideal Candidate An ideal candidate will have: A good academic record in high school Demonstrated leadership ability (e.g., as shown through participation in community service, extracurricular, or other activities) Exceptional personal success skills (e.g., emotional maturity, motivation, perseverance, etc.) Applicant Checklist Completed Hidden Figgers Scholarship Application Official high school transcript Two letters of recommendation 1-2 paged typed essay Submission Instructions Applications must meet all eligibility requirements to be considered. All applicants will be considered and notified within thirty days of receiving application 1-800-391-2803 Info@FiggersFoundation.org 451 North State Road 7 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33317 Quick Links News and Happenings Annual Reports Shipment Tracking Palm Beach Healthcare Tablet for All Florida Connect Tech Innovation Program Membership & Acredied Organization Support Our Work Donate Now Helping April Subscribe Newsletter Subscription Stay up-to-date by subscribing to our newsletter: Go --> Subscribe --> Warning : Use of undefined constant php - assumed 'php' (this will throw an Error in a future version of PHP) in /home/freddie2402/public_html/figgersfoundation.org/templates/footer/widget-newsletter.php on line 24 order-tracking/employee" title="" target="_blank">Employee Portal --> --> Contact Us Privacy Terms & Conditions Employee Portal Copyright &copy; The Figgers Foundation . All rights reserved. 
