URL: https://www.harpofoundation.org/grants/the-impact-award/
ORG: Harpo Foundation Inc - The Impact Award
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 The Impact Award - Harpo Foundation Home About Mission Board of Directors Grant Advisors Staff Contact Grants Grants for Visual Artists The Impact Award Previous Recipients Ed Levine Residencies Back River Road Residency Retreat Harpo Foundation Native American Residency at Vermont Studio Center News Select Page Grants The Impact Award for Native American Art The Harpo Foundation now offers an annual $25,000 fellowship to amplify the contributions of under-recognized Native American contemporary visual artists. The Impact Award for Native American Art aims to further the Foundation&#8217;s mission to expand creative inquiry through inclusivity and equitable representation in the visual arts. Application Process and Deadline Our 2026 application portal is now closed. Please check back in February 2027 for information on our next grant cycle. Click here to submit your application. The deadline for submissions is April 27, 2026 . To be considered for the The Impact Award , artists must submit a Grants for Visual Artists application online. Applicants must use the Foundation’s online application system to submit the following: Artist resume Artist statement (up to 200 words) Work samples (up to 10) All images should be formatted as .jpg files with the .jpg extension in the title. No other image formats are accepted. Accepted video file formats are .mp4 or .mov. Accepted audio file format is .mp3 Image file size must be no larger than 2MB per image to open properly (images are viewed digitally and will not be printed) To join the second applicant pool for the The Impact Award , artists will follow the application’s prompts to register their eligibility and submit additional information, including answering (in 200 words or less each) the following questions: What is your tribal affiliation? Describe your artistic journey, highlighting any challenges or obstacles you have faced as an under-recognized Native American contemporary visual artist. How do you define recognition in the context of your work? In what way(s) has your cultural heritage influenced (or not influenced) your artistic practice? Explain how receiving this fellowship would impact your development as an artist. What specific goals do you hope to achieve? A $15 application fee is required. As a small non-profit with limited staff, we rely on these fees to ensure an easy-to-use open application platform and a thorough and equitable review process involving a diverse group of professional advisors. Artists who are experiencing financial hardship may request a fee waiver by submitting a written request to mwest@harpofoundation.org . Fee waiver must be requested BEFORE submitting your application. Impact Award Eligibility Applicants must be an enrolled member or citizen of a state or federally recognized American Indian tribe, an Alaska Native corporation, or of Native Hawaiian ancestry and may be asked to provide documentation to confirm eligibility. The Harpo Foundation recognizes that Native identity in the U.S. extends far beyond federal recognition — encompassing unrecognized tribes, uncounted and undocumented Native individuals, people of complex mixed-heritage backgrounds, and Indigenous peoples from across the Americas now living in the U.S. However, the Harpo Foundation only makes grants in Hawaii, Alaska, and the continental United States and cannot accept applications from other nations. These eligibility requirements exist to specifically address the critical lack of resources for Native artists in the U.S. Self-defined under-recognized visual artist 21 years or older Students who (as of the date of this year’s deadline) are currently enrolled in an art-related degree program, have been enrolled in an art-related degree program within the last 12 months, or are planning to attend an art-related degree program in the coming year are NOT eligible. Artists who are previous recipients of the Grants for Visual Artists award ARE eligible to apply for The Impact Award. Artists who were supported by the New Work Project Grant in the past are eligible for the Grants for Visual Artists award and The Impact Award , but cannot receive both in the same year. Artists who have received the The Impact Award are ineligible to receive it again. Review Process Submissions will be reviewed annually on two tracks: One track is the review process for the Grants for Visual Artists program, a process that involves independent professional advisors and up to 4 rounds of review. A second track for The Impact Award uses a Native-peer review process to evaluate artistic merit and potential and recommend candidates from the qualifying pool of artists for the fellowship award. Criteria Applications are evaluated on the basis of the quality of the artist’s work, the potential to expand aesthetic inquiry, and the ability to fulfill the Foundation’s priority to provide support to visual artists who are under-recognized by the field. Additionally, The Impact Award focuses on amplifying the contributions of under-recognized Native American contemporary visual artists. Funding Decisions Funding decisions are made by the Board of Directors, following review of applications by independent professional advisors, including regional and national experts in the field of contemporary visual art . Each application is reviewed by at least three advisors as well as internal staff and committees over the course of four rounds of consideration. Reporting Requirements All Harpo Foundation grants are unrestricted, merit-based, awards made to support the development of artists’ work. A grantee may use their award to support any activity toward that purpose. A report detailing how funds were used is due within 10 months of receiving funds. Notification Grant decisions are usually announced no later than December 15 . Questions Visit our FAQ page or contact us . Previous Recipients Miller Robinson Impact Award for Native American Art Miller Robinson is a trans, gender non-confirming, two-spirit, avansahíichva Karuk/Yurok artist based between Tongva-Gabrielino Territory (Los Angeles, CA) and homelands along the Klamath River. It works in constant dialogue with the state of materials and... Kapulani Landgraf Impact Award for Native American Art Kapulani Landgraf is a Native Hawaiian multi-disciplinary artist, working with black and white photography, collage and mixed media installation. Her work is guided by her traditional Hawaiian values, language, and culture and a compulsion to both celebrate her... Frequently Asked Questions Contact Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions facebook instagram vimeo Signup for our Newsletter © Harpo Foundation. All rights reserved. X This site uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. California residents can also exercise their personal information rights through the Do Not Sell My Personal Information page. Do not sell Cookie settings REJECT ACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept 
