URL: https://kislakfamilyfoundation.org
ORG: Kislak Family Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Kislak Family Foundation Skip to content Home About Jay I. Kislak News Home About Jay I. Kislak News A Tradition of Philanthropy Supporting leadership and innovation in the fields of education, arts and humanities, animal welfare and environmental preservation. The Kislak Family Foundation carries on a legacy of mindful commitment to community service. The Kislak name has long represented a commitment to community service and philanthropy. Today, The Kislak Family Foundation, Inc., continues this tradition and carries on the vision of Jay I. Kislak. The Kislak Family Foundation is a private philanthropic foundation based in Miami Lakes, Florida. The mission of the foundation is supporting leadership and innovation in the fields of education, arts and humanities, animal welfare and environmental preservation. The foundation provides grant funding to select nonprofit organizations and institutions of higher learning. Learn more about the inspiring life and legacy of Jay I. Kislak . Grant proposals are accepted by invitation. For information, email Info@KislakFamilyFoundation.org The foundation has provided significant funding and notable contributions to the following institutions: The Library of Congress : The Jay I. Kislak Collection , a 2004 gift to the nation, is central to an ongoing program of research, education, and exhibitions. It features rare artifacts, manuscripts, books, maps, and art tracing the history of the early Americas from 2000 BCE to the 21st century. Smithsonian’s National Air and Space Museum , The Jay I. Kislak World War II in the Air Gallery : Jay I. Kislak World War II in the Air exhibition showcases rare artifacts and stories highlighting aviation’s critical role in the war and America’s emergence as a superpower. University of Pennsylvania : The Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books and Manuscripts creates a vibrant space that brings together people, technology and unique content. MOAD, Museum of Art and Design, Miami Dade College : Opened in 2018, the Kislak Center at the Freedom Tower reflects the Foundation’s commitment to preserving and sharing the history of the early Americas. It features key original materials from the region’s diverse cultures. Monmouth University : The Kislak Real Estate Institute provides business education programs for professional, graduate and undergraduate students. Florida State University, FSU Real Estate Center, College of Business : Supports one of the nation’s top real estate programs through scholarships, forums, student awards, and faculty fellowships. University of Miami, School of Business Administration : UM’s Real Estate Impact Conference is an innovative program that brings together influential thought leaders. Copyright &copy; 2026 Kislak Family Foundation | Powered by Astra WordPress Theme Scroll to Top 
