URL: https://blankfamily.org
ORG: Blank Family Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 The Blank Family Foundation &#8211; For more than 65 years and spanning four generations, the Blank Family Foundation continues to dedicate its efforts to giving back to the communities where we live and work. Skip to content Search for: HOME ABOUT US BOARD OF TRUSTEES GRANT HIGHLIGHTS APPLICATION INFORMATION Loading... The Blank Family Foundation Supporting communities where we live and work. ABOUT US Home blankfamily_siteadmin 2018-12-20T22:12:17-05:00 SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITIES For more than 65 years and spanning four generations, the Blank Family Foundation continues to dedicate its efforts to giving back to the communities where we live and work. The Foundation was established with broad charitable purposes to reflect the diverse social and civic interests of the Blank Family including: Education Healthcare Underserved, including Youth and Elderly Causes Artistic and Cultural Organizations Jewish Organizations Grant Highlights 0 Kosher meals were provided to seniors through Jewish Community Services’ home delivery and congregate meal programs. 0 French immigrants received financial, vocational and housing support 0 More than $2 million in scholarships and grants were awarded OUR VALUES Supporting communities where we live and work. Jewish Community Employment Network The Jewish Community Employment Network continues to extend the program’s reach in South Florida. Learn More Blank Family Charitable Fund Assistance from the Blank Family Charitable Fund continues to make life-changing difference in people’s lives. Learn More Blank Family Foundation Veterans Assistance Fund This fund provides assistance for veterans in need. Several veterans have been assisted this past year. Learn More Jewish Community Services of South Florida Each year, more than 25,000 people of all ages, religions and ethnicities benefit from JCS’ information referral services. Learn More Copyright &copy; 2021 The Blank Family Foundation. All rights reserved. Page load link Go to Top 
