URL: https://www.harpofoundation.org
ORG: Harpo Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Home - Harpo Foundation Home About Mission Board of Directors Grant Advisors Staff Contact Grants Grants for Visual Artists The Impact Award Previous Recipients Ed Levine Residencies Back River Road Residency Retreat Harpo Foundation Native American Residency at Vermont Studio Center News Select Page Ed Levine: The Embodied Experience of Art Publication Release Read More Miller Robinson Impact Award for Native American Art • 2025 Read More Manuel Alejandro Rodríguez-Delgado Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Erin M. Riley Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Steve Parker Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Ling-lin Ku Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Kris Rumman Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Fred Schmidt-Arenales Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Cosmo Whyte Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Alba Triana Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Steven Anthony Johnson, II Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More Anne Buckwalter Grants for Visual Artists • 2025 Read More The Harpo Foundation was established in 2006 by artist Ed Levine to support emerging and under-recognized visual artists. Through grants and residency programs, the Foundation seeks to affirm the centrality of the artist in the world of art, encourage new modes of making and thinking about art, and expand inclusivity and equitable representation in the visual arts. The Foundation also preserves Ed Levine’s creative legacy to provide access to the art and ideas of an unconventional thinker who extended the experience of art-making in unexpected and adventuresome ways. Ronald Athey Natalie Marie Ball Yasmine Nasser Diaz June Edmonds Jennifer Moon Anja Marais Marie Watt Jessica Segall Grants for Visual Artists The Grants for Visual Artists award provides direct support to under-recognized artists 21 years or older. Learn More The Impact Award for Native American Art The Harpo Foundation now offers an annual $25,000 fellowship to amplify the contributions of under-recognized Native American contemporary visual artists. Learn More Back River Road Residency Retreat The Back River Road Residency Retreat was established by the Harpo Foundation to provide time and space for artists to extend their work by engaging with the natural environment in a rural setting at Ed Levine’s former summer home in South Royalton, Vermont. Learn More Ed Levine In 2006, Ed Levine established the Harpo Foundation as an artist-endowed non-profit to support visual artists who are under-recognized by the field. Learn More Vermont Studio Center Fellowship Since 2011, the foundation has awarded two residency fellowships to Native American visual artists at the Vermont Studio Center to support the development of visual artists and the potential for inter-cultural dialog. Learn More Frequently Asked Questions Contact Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions facebook instagram vimeo Signup for our Newsletter © Harpo Foundation. All rights reserved. X This site uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. California residents can also exercise their personal information rights through the Do Not Sell My Personal Information page. Do not sell Cookie settings REJECT ACCEPT Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept 
