URL: https://www.childrenswellnessfund.org
ORG: Childrens Wellness Fund Inc
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Children&#039;s Wellness Fund - non-profit NGO for children. Miami, FL. Home Projects Executive Summary Contact Español Select Page Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund Children's Wellness Fund childrenswellnessfund-mobile-hero-01 childrenswellnessfund-mobile-hero-02 childrenswellnessfund-mobile-hero-03 childrenswellnessfund-mobile-hero-04 childrenswellnessfund-mobile-hero-05 Español ≫ Children's Wellness Fund Our mission is to improve the quality of life of families in the United States and Latin America by promoting health care and access to education, while also facilitating economic development in the communities we benefit. Children's Wellness Fund Our mission is to improve the quality of life of families in the United States and Latin America by promoting health care and access to education, while also facilitating economic development in the communities we benefit. Our Vision To function as an international organization recognized by institutions and civil society for our capacity to bring about real, sustainable development in the areas in which we work. We do this through our professionalism, our deep knowledge of the realities where we work, and our ability to work alongside those involved in the initiatives we undertake. Who We Are We are a private, non-profit NGO that operates independently without any political or religious affiliation. Our team consists of a volunteer staff based out of Miami and a staff based out of Centro JACS located in Granada, Nicaragua. Children&#8217;s Wellness Fund has operated in Nicaragua since 2004. Our organization is registered under permanent number 2877 with the Department of Associations of the Ministry of the Interior of the Republic of Nicaragua. Communities We Serve We are headquartered at Centro JACS, which is located 10 kilometers southwest of the city of Granada, Nicaragua at the foot of Mombacho Volcano. Our projects serve communities in the city and municipalities of Granada. We have a presence in the city of Granada, the communities of La Prusia, El Hormigón, El Tepeyac, and the municipality of Nandaime, specifically in the communities of El Manchón, Santa Ana, Dolores del Lago, and San Luis de Manares. click image to enlarge map Our Goals To promote a timely and preventive approach to the treatment of illness at every stage of life, with an emphasis on maternal health and children’s health. To improve children’s nutritionary health by providing them with nutritionally balanced foods. To ensure access and permanence in education for children, teenagers, and young adults. To enable access to technical training courses and college education for high school graduates. To promote hygiene practices. To provide aid for the renovation of infrastructure and equipment to improve the educational, health, and working conditions in communities we serve. To strive for sustainable results in everything we do by working hand-in-hand with the communities we serve and by focusing our efforts on the families most pressing problems. The Children’s Wellness Fund works in partnership with other NGOs and government organizations to bring services to communities in the most efficient way possible. All of our services are free and specifically address the individual needs of those we help. Projects Español ≫ Centro JACS JACS is a community center that promotes educational and health development in the community of El Tepeyac located in the city of Granada. The center is designed to provide a safe and healthy environment for all those it serves. JACS offers specialized programs in the areas of health, education, sports, and recreational activities. read more Granada and Nandaime’s Municipal Landfill The La Joya Municipal Landfill of Granada is located in the southeastern section of the city, 5 km from the city center. The surrounding population is highly impoverished and is part of the community of El Hormigón. The Nandaime Municipal Landfill, located in the Department of Granada, is in the northeast section of Nandaime and is approximately 2 km from the city center. read more El Manchón El Manchón is a rural community located 5 km south of the city of Nandaime off the Panamerican Highway towards Rivas. The population is impoverished and out of approximately 1,754 residents, 30% are under 15 years of age. read more View All Projects ©2026 Children’s Wellness Fund 
