URL: https://www.barryscholarship.org/
ORG: The Invisible Hand Foundation - Barry Scholars
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Barry Scholarship Home About Scholars 2026 Press Release Academic Committee FAQs Contact Back 2025 Cohort 2024 Cohort 2023 Cohort 2022 Cohort 2021 Cohort 2020 Cohort 2019 Cohort Home About Scholars 2025 Cohort 2024 Cohort 2023 Cohort 2022 Cohort 2021 Cohort 2020 Cohort 2019 Cohort 2026 Press Release Academic Committee FAQs Contact Scroll Awarded for dedication to the academic vocation &amp; the pursuit of truth The Barry Scholarship is an academic prize awarded in recognition of a student’s dedication to the academic vocation and the pursuit of truth. It provides full funding for a minimum of two years of graduate study at the University of Oxford. The Barry Scholarship is awarded by academics themselves through a dedicated network of nominators at leading academic institutions in Britain and the United States of America and, as a prize, cannot be applied for. Generously supported by the John and Daria Barry Foundation , the Barry Scholarship is an initiative of the Canterbury Institute , an Oxford-based charity that seeks rediscovery of the academic vocation. About The Barry Scholarship is an academic award like no other. It supports graduate study at the University of Oxford in any discipline, for any degree (second bachelor’s, master’s, doctorate). Barry Scholars receive full funding for tuition, a generous living stipend, a yearly research allowance, a yearly travel allowance, and full reimbursement of the UK’s health surcharge as well as all university and visa application fees. Barry Scholars are chosen for their dedication to the academic vocation and the pursuit of truth. As an academic prize, it is awarded by an existing pool of academic volunteers and cannot be applied for. Leading professors and directors of academic institutions offer their time and efforts in a multi-year commitment to seek out candidates who would most excel through the Barry Scholarship. These designated nominators submit their nominations to the Academic Committee, an independent body of scholars, who then invite nominees to submit evidence of their academic accomplishments, their plans for research, and their teaching interests. After assessing all nominations, the independent Academic Committee offers a “Barry” to those of highest merit, conditional upon candidates’ independent application and admission to the University of Oxford. Standing up for truth 2025 Barry Scholar Cohort Ardaschir Arguelles will read the MPhil in Traditional East Asia at Queen’s College, University of Oxford. Born in South Korea, Ardaschir grew up in Lebanon, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates, and the United States. He graduated from Columbia University summa cum laude in 2024 with a double major in Classics and East Asian Studies. His academic interests include translation theory; the transmission of religious texts along the Silk Road; the spread of Buddhism into East Asia; Christian missions to Asia; and the relationship between religion and literary imagination. While at Columbia, Ardaschir was a student leader at Columbia Christian Union Lumine, served as podcast host and director for the Columbia Witness , and played for the men’s club rugby team. Outside of academics, his main pursuit is creative writing, especially short fiction and travel writing. Trent Bunker will read the MPhil in Intellectual History at Queen’s College, University of Oxford. He graduated from Tufts University summa cum laude with a double major in Political Science and History, where his research centered on the interplay between faith, politics, and the law. Trent founded the Tufts Tribune , a magazine dedicated to publishing diverse perspectives, and established a Federalist Society chapter on campus, hosting dialogues between academics and students alike. Outside of class, Trent has held a fellowship with the Hertog Foundation, interned on Capitol Hill, and conducted research for multiple law firms. After completing his MPhil, Trent will attend Harvard Law School. In his free time, he enjoys playing lacrosse, weightlifting, and learning languages. Sarah Chew is reading for the MPhil in Theology (Christian Ethics) at Keble College, University of Oxford. Originally from Albuquerque, New Mexico, she received her BA in English Literature and Philosophy from Samford University. As an undergraduate, she has published pieces about literature, philosophy, and the liberal arts for online public journals. She has also held fellowships with the Hudson Institute, the Hertog Foundation, and the Center for Religion, Culture, and Democracy, where she studied Soviet Russian literary censorship. Her interests at Oxford have centered on early modern literature, science, and religion, as well as the ethics of attention and new media. She also holds an MSt in Theology (Science and Religion) from Keble College. Samuel Clark will read the MPhil in History (Intellectual History) at Oriel College, University of Oxford. Originally from Lexington, Kentucky, he studied the liberal arts at Deep Springs College, a small, two-year college located on a cattle ranch in the Californian desert. He then graduated from Brown University Phi Beta Kappa with degrees in Philosophy and Political Science. After graduating, he taught English to primary and middle school students in France and to high school students in Wisconsin. At Oxford, he plans to investigate the relationship between Thomas More and continental writers like Desiderius Erasmus and Niccolo Machiavelli. In his spare time, he enjoys hiking, gardening, and the poetry of Edmund Spenser. Olivia Glunz will read the MPhil in History (Intellectual History) or Theology at Magdalen College, University of Oxford. Originally from the Philadelphia area, Olivia is a senior at Harvard studying History and Classics. Her thesis explores the transformative role of language in the mystical theology of Dionysius the Areopagite, John Scotus Eriugena, and Hugh of St Victor; she hopes to expand on this work during her graduate studies and in her future career as an intellectual historian. At Harvard, Olivia was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and awarded the John Harvard Scholarship. She also served as President of Harvard Right to Life, as Managing Editor of the Harvard Salient , and as a Student Fellow with the Harvard Catholic Forum. An avid violinist and singer, she has especially enjoyed performing with the St Paul’s Schola and in a student-run chamber ensemble. Her other interests include writing, cake decorating, and spending time with friends and family. Katherine Graddy will read the MSc in Economics for Development at Lincoln College, University of Oxford. She is graduating from Magdalen College, Oxford, with a BA in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics (PPE), where she was recognized as an Academic Demy Scholar and awarded the Weldon-Burchardt prize for PPE. Her undergraduate research explores the political economy of randomized controlled trials in international development, examining the effect of political competition on site selection bias in Kenya. During her undergraduate, she spent her summers in Serbia and Kenya researching nonviolent protests, volunteering at a WASH center for migrants, assisting HIV/AIDS programs, and contributing to behavioral science research on poverty alleviation. This summer, she will be working with the United Nations as an Economic Affairs intern in the Landlocked Developing Countries unit. Outside of the classroom, she enjoys hiking, frequenting local coffeeshops, and training with the university triathlon team. Molly Graybill will read the MPhil in Theology (Christian Ethics) at Magdalen College, University of Oxford. Molly is graduating Phi Beta Kappa from Stanford University with a BA in both religious studies (with departmental honors) and psychology. Her honors thesis examines how the psychologist Henry A. Murray developed a new religion, called synthesism, to respond to the psychic and political tensions of the second world war. At Oxford, Molly is excited to explore how theological teachings can inform healthcare systems’ ability to support the dignity of dying individuals. In her free time, Molly enjoys dancing, cafe hopping, and reading J.D. Salinger’s short stories. Helen Halliwell will read the MSt in English (1700-1830) at Mansfield College, University of Oxford. She graduated with a BA in English from University of California, Berkeley, receiving the Departmental Citation. She is interested in thinking about attention to and within natural spaces in 18th/19th century British Poetry. Her undergraduate thesis focused on John Clare’s educative poetry of attention and the cultivation of community and belonging. After graduating, she worked as a Reader for the UC Berkeley English department, as well as an administrative assistant for the Berkeley Institute. At Oxford, she hopes to continue to explore concepts of perception and nature in 19th century England and its effects in the compositional processes of poetry. In her free time she enjoys singing, swimming, and exploring museums. Felicity Klingele will read the BPhil in Philosophy at Pembroke College, University of Oxford. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Wisconsin-Madison with degrees in Psychology and Philosophy (with departmental honors). During her undergraduate career, she founded the Madison Philosophical Society, a space to explore ethical, metaphysical, and epistemic questions; the St. Dymphna Society, a women’s mental health support group; and Siena Scholars, a women’s philosophy and theology group. She was a fellow for both the Center for the Study of Liberal Democracy and the Madison College Writing Center. Felicity’s passion for ethics led her to serve on the UW-Madison Police Advisory Board and the Diocesan Board for the Office of Human Life and Dignity. At Oxford, she plans to explore the relationship between the philosophy of education and virtue ethics, along with the interplay of artificial intelligence and human flourishing. She is currently serving as a live-in volunteer at Casa Juan Diego, a Catholic Worker House in Houston, TX. Outside of her academic pursuits, she enjoys hiking, reading, and ballroom dancing. Katherine Metz will read the MSc in Energy Systems at Somerville College, University of Oxford. Hailing from Carmel, Indiana, Katherine will graduate with honors from the United States Military Academy in May with a degree in Chemical Engineering. At West Point, Katherine was elected President of the Class of 2025 and serves as a battalion commander. A Stamps Scholar, her research in the lab focused on developing next generation, high-performance composite nano-electrodes for energy storage applications in the Army, culminating in a publication in the Surfaces and Interfaces journal. She furthered her interest in energy and policymaking as an intern at the Pentagon in the Army Office of Installations, Energy, and Environment. Her interests outside of academics include singing as a member of the West Point Glee Club, traveling and learning about other cultures, growing in her Catholic faith, and spending time with her family and friends. Osamede Ogbomo will read the MPhil in Politics (Political Theory) at Keble College, University of Oxford. She is a senior at Princeton University, where her undergraduate thesis examines the biblical narrative of King David and explores how conceptions of the divine or transcendent can constrain—or fail to constrain—the ambitions of statesmen. At Oxford, she plans to build on this work, drawing on Aristotle’s concept of magnanimity to address contemporary political questions surrounding egalitarian ideals and the hierarchical implications of exceptional leadership. In her free time, she enjoys playing and teaching piano, debating politics and philosophy, and singing at her local church. Matthew Stanco will read the MPhil in Economic and Social History at St. Peters College, University of Oxford. A senior at the University of Maryland, College Park, he will be graduating summa cum laude with a degree in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics (PPE). While at UMD, Matthew founded the PPE Society and a chapter of the Federalist Society. He also served as President of the Moot Court Team. Matthew has worked in both State and Federal Government, including as a law clerk for the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations in the United States Senate. At Oxford, he hopes to examine what leads to societal development, with a particular focus on how legal structures incentivize economic growth. In his free time, Matthew enjoys long-distance biking, waterskiing, and Shakespeare plays. Matthew Tweden will read the MPhil in International Relations at the University of Oxford. He is a senior at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill majoring in public policy and peace, war, and defense. As a Robertson Scholar, he also studied political science at Duke University. Matthew’s undergraduate thesis examined the development of presidential regulatory authorities and modeled approaches to regulatory governance across recent administrations. At Oxford, he plans to study the modern diplomatic history of the Melanesian islands, analyzing national security decision making in the context of growing great power competition. At UNC, Matthew served as Speaker of the Undergraduate Senate and was involved in multiple policy-related student organizations. He has previously worked at think tanks, nonprofit organizations, and in the private sector focusing on national security and financial regulation. Matthew X. Wilson will read the MPhil in Politics: Political Theory at Wadham College, University of Oxford. He graduated magna cum laude from Princeton University in 2024 with an A.B. in Politics and certificates in Medieval Studies and Hellenic Studies. His academic interests include public reason, political morality, and the public justifiability of political arguments. At Princeton, he was awarded the Stephen Whelan ’68 Senior Thesis Prize for Excellence in Constitutional Law and Political Thought for his thesis on liberal theories of public justification. He currently works as deputy editor of Public Discourse and as research assistant to a professor at Princeton. After completing the MPhil, he hopes to pursue a doctorate in politics. 2024 Barry Scholar Cohort Maria Buscemi will read the MPhil in US History at St Antony’s College, University of Oxford. A senior at the University of Oklahoma, she will be graduating summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa with degrees in Letters: Constitutional Studies and Spanish. While at OU, she served as Vice Chair of Adjudications for the University’s Integrity Council and President of the Oklahoma Undergraduate Mock Trial Team. She’s also a member of the Institute for the American Constitutional Heritage’s Society of Fellows. At Oxford, she hopes to examine the relationship between constitutional theory, the law, and political action in antebellum America. In her free time, Maria enjoys baking new recipes, reading a good book, and training for the next half marathon in her local area. Gabrielle Epuran will read the MSt in Greek and Latin Languages and Literature at St. Hugh’s College, University of Oxford. She received her BA in Classics from Columbia University, where she wrote her thesis on the character of Darius the Great as represented in Herodotus’ Histories versus Darius’ Behistun Inscription. At Oxford, she intends to research the use of humor and fabulation in Herodotus and Tacitus’ rhetoric as part of building towards a larger project on ancient philosophy of history, as well as ancient emotion (how notions and experiences of joy, pain, etc in the ancient world differ from our own). Gabrielle has also served as the chairman and historian of a philosophy debating society at Columbia. Levi Freedman will read the BPhil in Philosophy at Oriel College, University of Oxford. Originally from Washington, DC, he graduated summa cum laude from the University of Chicago with a BA in Fundamentals: Issues and Texts. He is also an alumnus of Deep Springs College. His academic interests include German Idealism, existential phenomenology, and the relationship between philosophy and the arts. While at Chicago, he taught civics to middle school students on the South Side. He has worked as a high school teacher in rural Wisconsin, teaching both calculus and English. Outside of the classroom, Levi enjoys hiking, cooking, gardening, and reading poetry. Isabella Griepp will read the MPhil in Theology (Ecclesiastical History) at St. Cross College, University of Oxford. She plans to focus her thesis on evangelical women in the 18th and 19th centuries and their impact on society. She is a senior at Stanford University majoring in Classics, specializing in Ancient History, and double minoring in Data Science and Modern Languages (Spanish and Russian). During her time at Stanford, Isabella served as a leader in Chi Alpha Christian Fellowship, the Society for International Affairs at Stanford (SIAS), and Scholars of Finance. She also interned in the Office of Condoleezza Rice, where her research on school choice was used to create an interactive map for the Hoover Institution. During her time as a staff writer for the Stanford Review , she published articles on faith and campus life. A lifelong competitor, she was thrilled to race as a scholar All-American for Stanford’s alpine ski team. Isabella is a coffee aficionado, language lover, avid traveler, and she is deeply passionate about literature. She looks forward to exploring all this and more while in the UK. Paul A. Guajardo will read the MSt in Global and Imperial History at Wolfson College, University of Oxford. A Kennedy Scholar, he graduated with honors from Brigham Young University where he double majored in English and history. After serving a two-year mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Guadalajara, Mexico, he developed an interest in Spanish and Atlantic history, which became his focus as an undergraduate. At BYU, he was president of the Student Association for Cultures and Languages Across the Curriculum and helped professors integrate bilingual components into their undergraduate syllabi. Paul’s honors thesis was a translation of poems by the Equatoguinean writer Zankús Mázé Menemádjimol, and at Oxford he hopes to continue exploring the cultural history of Equatorial Guinea. When he can get away from school, Paul enjoys creative writing, playing the piano, and trying new foods with his wife. Karolina Nixon will read the BPhil in Philosophy at Somerville College, University of Oxford. She graduated from Columbia University with degrees in philosophy (with departmental honors) and economics, and is pursuing a career as an academic and public philosopher. Her research interests include Ancient Greek philosophy, epistemology, and ethics. Outside of her formal studies, Karolina is a competitive épée fencer. She fenced for the USA National Team and served as captain of the Columbia Fencing team. She plans to continue fencing while completing her BPhil as part of the Oxford University Fencing Club. In 2023, Karolina launched “Philosopher Fencer,” a social media venture aimed at bringing academic philosophy to general audiences through short-form videos. Aside from philosophy and fencing, her interests include writing, visual and performing arts, fashion, and modeling. Shane Patrick will read the MPhil in Islamic Studies and History at Wolfson College, University of Oxford. He graduated from Princeton University, with a bachelor’s degree in Near Eastern Studies and certificates in Medieval Studies, Hellenic Studies, Latin, and Arabic. He is interested in Christian-Muslim relations during the Middle Ages and the development of Christian religious practices in Africa and the Middle East following the rise of Islam. His undergraduate thesis examined a Maronite Christian legal text, the Mukhtaṣar al-Sharīʿa of ʿAbdallāh Qarāʿalī, and its relationship with Islamic Law and with the legal traditions of other Christian confessions. In his spare time, he enjoys playing the banjo and taking long walks with his wife. Jacob Rosenzweig will read the MPhil in Greek and Latin Languages and Literature at Merton College, University of Oxford. He will graduate from Duke University with a BA in Classical Languages and Political Science. His senior thesis examined the contributions of Greco-Roman philosophy and political thought to the development of natural rights theories in Medieval Europe. Outside the classroom, he has held fellowships with the Hudson Institute and Hertog Foundation, and he has conducted historical research for the Bipartisan Policy Center. Jacob is interested in ancient conceptions of nature, justice, and citizenship, and he will attend Harvard Law School after completing his studies at Oxford. In his free time, he enjoys long walks, great coffee, and challenging books. Zoditu Schwind is reading for an MSc in Medical Anthropology at Corpus Christi College. She holds an MSc in African Studies from Oxford and a BS in Biochemistry from George Fox University. Her previous dissertation, which received the best thesis award, examined why women within the Sierra Leonean Bondo society maintained or rejected the practice of female genital cuttings. Her current research interests and work focus on global women’s health and the politics of aid. Zoditu intends to apply for medical school after her time at Oxford. She is a 2024 Barry Scholar. Rina Sclove is seeking to read the MPhil in Jewish Studies at Exeter College, University of Oxford. She is a senior at Duke University majoring in Political Science and English with a certificate in Jewish Studies. As an undergraduate, her research has focused on the intersection between political theory and Jewish thought. At Oxford, she hopes to combine her interests in English and Jewish Studies by studying how the setting of the shtetl serves as a site for processing memory and trauma in post-World War II literature. Outside of her coursework, she serves as the president of Duke’s Jewish Student Union. In her spare time, she enjoys creative writing, crocheting, and cheering on Duke’s basketball team. Joshua M. Topham will read the MPhil in Politics (Comparative Government) at University College, University of Oxford. Originally from St George, Utah, Josh spent two years in Sierra Leone as a religious and humanitarian volunteer before starting his undergraduate degree. He then studied American studies, history, and political science at Brigham Young University, where he graduated summa cum laude . Josh published four research papers during his time at BYU and won a university-wide writing competition. He also served as editor-in-chief of BYU’s American studies journal, was elected American Studies Student of the Year by faculty and peers, and won BYU’s US Constitutional History Award. At Oxford, Josh will continue studying constitutional law, theory, and history. After completing his MPhil, he will join Yale Law School. Josh and his wife, Anna, enjoy traveling and all things outdoors. Ginger Vidal will read the MSt in English Literature at St Hilda’s College, University of Oxford. She completed her undergraduate coursework at both Deep Springs College and Barnard College, where she received her BA in English. Her two senior theses on Dickens and Shakespeare explored fictional geographies and the poetics of space. Alongside her studies she worked as a carbon storage researcher and a mule packer. After graduating she spent a year practicing regenerative agriculture at a conservation cattle ranch and bison preserve in Colorado. At Oxford, she hopes to continue to explore how literary landscapes are imagined and the ways they structure and mediate our understanding of 19th century novels. In her free time she enjoys biking, painting, and playing foosball. 2023 Barry Scholar Cohort Abigail Anthony is reading for the MPhil in Linguistics, Philology, and Phonetics at St Hugh’s College, Oxford. She is a senior at Princeton University majoring in Politics and earning certificates in Linguistics and Creative Writing. On campus, she served as President of the Princeton Federalist Society, Chief Copy Editor of The Princeton Tory, Vice President of the free-speech organization the Princeton Open Campus Coalition, and Treasurer of the Princeton Network of Enlightened Women chapter. She has written for National Review, USA Today, The Washington Free Beacon, The College Fix, and other publications. Prior to attending university, she was a professional ballerina. Drew Basile is reading for the MSt in English Literature (1900-Present) at Mansfield College, Oxford. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a major in English and a minor in Philosophy. His senior thesis focused on the narrative role of free indirect discourse in Flaubert and Musil. Also at Penn, he served as an Undergraduate Fellow for the Collegium Institute and an editor for the Penn Review. He received the Mellon Undergraduate Summer Fellowship for a digital humanities project tracking Russian translation, as well as the Terry B. Heled Travel and Research Grant for a travelogue following Goethe’s Italian Journey. At Oxford, Drew hopes to blend continental philosophy with modernist literature in considering narrative worlds from a phenomenological perspective. In his free time, he writes fiction, plays Scrabble, and enjoys the television show Survivor. Colton Duncan is reading for the MPhil in Modern Languages at Oxford. He graduated summa cum laude from Hillsdale College with a BA in Classics and International Studies in Business and Foreign Language. At Oxford, he hopes to study the relationship between aesthetic perception and moral education by researching the influence of Neoplatonic thought on German Romanticism. His senior thesis investigated Bernard of Clairvaux's use of paradox in the Sermons on the Song of Songs as a means to attain knowledge of the divine. Colton has served as a leader for Hillsdale’s Thomistic Institute chapter and as a member of the Catholic Society Executive Board. He enjoys backpacking, hunting, cooking, and film, and is a Gregorian chant aficionado. Prerita Govil is reading for the MSt in Asian and Middle Eastern Studies at Wolfson College, Oxford. She graduated magna cum laude from American University with a BA in Political Science and a specialization in Political Theory. As an undergraduate, she was awarded the Political Theory Institute’s annual prize for her essay on the role of leisure in Michel de Montaigne’s political thought and its greater bearing on considerations of liberal education. She is particularly interested in inquiries of the good, truth, virtue, human nature, self-knowledge, and the question of what it, ultimately, means to be a human being. At Oxford, Prerita is excited to further explore these questions through a comparative approach that delves into both Ancient Indian and Greek philosophy. Outside of her formal coursework, she has held fellowships with the Hudson Institute Political Studies, the Hertog Foundation, the James Madison Program in American Ideals and Institutions, and the Witherspoon Institute. She enjoys reading a good novel, learning new languages, and taking long walks with her dog. Katherine Helmick is reading for the DPhil in Medieval and Modern Languages at Oxford. She completed the MSt in Comparative Literature and Critical Translation (Spanish and Zulu) at Keble College, Oxford. She also holds a BA in Art with a Spanish minor and concentration in U.S. Politics from Hillsdale College. Her research focuses on language and literature in Africa, with particular attention to the implications of translingualism in multi-ethnic nations such as South Africa and Equatorial Guinea. An avid traveler, Katherine has taught with the JET program in Japan and served with the Peace Corps in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She writes on philosophical and social issues for The Critic and previously studied political philosophy as a resident fellow at the John Jay Institute. In 2014, she founded Salt and Iron: SeasonedWriting.com, an online magazine dedicated to excellence in Christian writing. She enjoys partner dancing and public speaking. Gregory Langone is reading for the MSc in Engineering Science by Research at New College, Oxford. He is a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he studied Civil Engineering and minored in Applied Statistics. Gregory has put his knowledge of materials and statistics to work in the Pentagon for the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Installations, Energy, and Environment where he wrote papers on emerging sustainable construction materials to inform political appointees and senior Army leaders. Outside the classroom, Gregory has a passion for working in teams, which he has done as a member of the NCAA Cross Country and Track &amp; Field teams and as a representative on West Point’s Honor Committee. Gregory now looks to serve as an Engineer officer in the United States Army where he will engage directly with infrastructure that affects the lives of soldiers and civilians alike. Ethan Phillips is reading for the MSc in Modelling for Global Health at Reuben College, Oxford. He graduated with honors and highest distinction from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a BSPH in Health Policy and Management from the Gillings School of Global Public Health with minors in Public Policy and Chemistry. At UNC, Ethan was a Morehead-Cain scholar and was awarded the Algernon Sydney Sullivan Award for unselfish dedication to human welfare. He was also highly involved in student governance and pursued public health and health policy research, completing an honors thesis on the use of data and technology to advance health equity in primary care. Ethan is interested in exploring the intersection of economics, healthcare, and equity and intends to apply to medical school following his studies at Oxford. Outside of his academic pursuits, he enjoys sailing, cooking, and spending time outdoors. Craig Ruiz is reading for the BA in History and Politics at Regent's Park College, Oxford. He graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Arizona State University with a BA in Civic and Economic Thought and Leadership and a minor in Spanish. His thesis for Barrett, the Honors College was an analysis of theories of political cohesion in Alexis de Tocqueville’s Democracy in America. At Oxford, he wishes to continue his study of cohesion in diverse historical contexts. He also has a passion for local politics and has worked with the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Outside of his formal studies, Craig is an enthusiastic traveler, concertgoer, and reader of classic texts. Benedict Stanley is reading for the DPhil in Law at Queen’s College, Oxford, where he will also be the Anthony Honoré Scholar in Law. Benedict’s previous degree was a BA in Jurisprudence from St John’s College, Oxford, where he was a Casberd Scholar, and obtained the White &amp; Case Prize in Comparative Private Law. He plans to pursue a DPhil, which is to be a comparative and historical study of the development of doctrinal legal scholarship in England and Germany (with additional reference to the United States) in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Benedict is particularly interested in questioning certain conceptual assumptions in how law is explained (taxonomies, national boundaries) and the implications of this for traditional “black letter” legal scholarship. In his spare time, Benedict occupies himself with analogue photography, computer programming, art galleries, and endeavouring to read as widely as possible. Michele Szegda is reading for the MSc in Medical Physics with Radiation Biology at Oxford. She will graduate from the United States Military Academy at West Point, where she studied Nuclear Engineering with a Life Science concentration. Michele is a member of the Women’s Army Rugby team and a member of the Officers’ Christian Fellowship, where she remains dedicated to fostering inclusive and supportive teams with those around her. Inspired by her parents’ battle with cancer and her service as an enlisted medic in the United States Army, Michele’s passion for learning is expressed through the nexus of her academic interests of cellular biology, chemistry, and nuclear engineering. She has pursued multiple research projects in investigating metallic nanoparticles’ interaction with gamma radiation, in developing the pyrotechnic ignitor for the SPEAR team’s rocket, and in examining the ethical implications of utilizing nanotechnology for human enhancement. In her career, Michele intends to develop innovative, human-centric technologies in radiation biology to improve the effectiveness of current therapeutic cancer treatments. Critical to progressing the fields of nuclear medicine and radiation oncology, the next generation of scientists must be able to speak multiple scientific disciplines, with chemistry and radiation biology being a primary focus. In her career, Michele plans to utilize her diverse academic background and her personal experiences to not only bridge the divide between basic research enterprises and clinical investigation, but to combine her comprehensive knowledge of radiation and its effects on biological systems to mitigate the subversive effects of radiotherapy. Lindsey A. Williams is reading for the MPhil in Politics (Political Theory). Originally from Salem, Oregon, she graduated from Stanford University with a bachelor’s degree in Political Science and a minor in History. While there, she was an Undergraduate Fellow at Stanford Law School’s Constitutional Law Center, as well as founder, staff editor, and contributor to the Stanford Undergraduate Law Review. She also belonged to the founding board of her local chapter of the ACLU. An awarded writer and speaker, Lindsey has earned accolades from the Hoover Institute and PEN America for her essays and papers. Her research includes work on applying rational choice theory to judicial decision-making during periods of political polarization, the history of justiciability doctrines in American common law, and the emergence of written constitutionalism in the colonial Americas. At Oxford, she will be studying the intersection of democratic theory, judicial power, and constitutional interpretation. After completing her MPhil, she will be continuing her education at Yale Law School. Outside of her work, Lindsey’s hobbies include digital photography, reading novels, collecting vinyl, and enjoying all kinds of live music. 2022 Barry Scholar Cohort Grace Aquilina is reading for the MPhil in History of Science, Medicine, and Technology at Linacre College, Oxford. She graduated summa cum laude from Duquesne University with a BA in English Literature and minors in Philosophy, Medieval and Renaissance Studies, and Women’s and Gender Studies. Her work has focused on the use of cellular metaphors in eugenics rhetoric and on the influence of women’s religiosity in social reform movements. Grace was a Christian Studies Fellow at the Beatrice Institute for three years, where she organized a conference and performance-lecture on the sacred music of jazz pianist Mary Lou Williams. A native of Pittsburgh, Grace enjoys writing essays and exploring historic churches. Joseph Cobon is reading for the BPhil in Philosophy at Oriel College, Oxford. He grew up in a small city just outside of Houston Texas called Humble. After graduating from high school there, he attended the University of Texas at Austin to study philosophy and focus adjunctly on religious studies and psychology. He finished with a BA along with university highest honors and departmental philosophy honors. His honors thesis in philosophy put forth an updated version of the so-called fine-tuning argument. The intuition here is that the universe’s ability to support life seems to sensitively and restrictively depend on the fundamental characteristics of the cosmos, as if all of the appropriate life-permitting parameters were ‘fine-tuned’ to bring about life. He assessed the probability of the existence of life and the existence of conscious life under the two explanatory hypotheses of Theism and Naturalism. His interests are highly interdisciplinary, incorporating the wisdom of scientific inquiry (e.g., cosmology, quantum mechanics, and evolutionary biology) and major religious traditions, to bear on questions of mind, explanation, and causation within traditional metaphysics. He is committed to the project of fostering a more consistent and comprehensive world theory within which science, philosophy, and religion are in constant discourse. Aside from his research, he enjoys spending time playing piano, lifting weights, reading Christian apologetics, and meditating. Rachel Gambee is reading for the MPhil in Theology at Oriel College, Oxford. Rachel previously majored in Religion and Middle Eastern Studies in Dartmouth College. In her senior thesis, Rachel investigated the intellectual roots of Humanae Vitae . She is particularly interested in political theology and religious nationalism. At Oxford, she hopes to study the role of faith in theories of liberalism and the ethical questions raised by the influence of theology on public institutions. When not working, Rachel enjoys being outdoors hiking, cross-country skiing, or fly fishing. Lexy Gillette is reading for the DPhil in Inorganic Chemistry at Worcester College, Oxford. She graduated summa cum laude from Westmont College with a BSc in Physics and Chemistry. Her academic interests concentrate within the materials sciences at the intersection of chemistry and physics, particularly in how the chemical makeup and structure of a material affects its magnetic properties. She has previously worked with superconducting Chevrel Phases and is now working in the lab of Professor Simon Clarke at Oxford researching oxysulfides with unusual magnetic and electric properties. Outside of the lab, her interests include hiking, reading novels, and dancing. Ella Lubell is reading for the BPhil in Philosophy at Christ Church, Oxford. She graduated from Yale University with a BA in Philosophy and calls Norwich, Vermont home. She is interested in studying ancient moral psychology and metaphysics, focusing particularly on how ancient views can respond to contemporary philosophical concerns. She wrote her undergraduate senior essay on moral education in Aristotle and its similarities to scientific and practical education. When she’s not reading ancient Greek texts, you can find Ella singing liturgical music, debating politics, or working on a cross-stitch project. Taylon Owens is reading for a Master’s of Public Policy at St Catherine’s College, Oxford where he also completed a MSc in Environmental Change and Management. Prior to Oxford, he graduated magna cum laude from Prairie View A&amp;M University, where he received a BSc in Chemical Engineering. Throughout his tenure as a student, he held leadership positions in the Student Government Association, National Society of Black Engineers, and the Eta Gamma Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Incorporated. As a member of the University Honors Program, Taylon also organized the inaugural TEDxPVAMU event with the theme Unlock Your Mind . He believes that in order to deconstruct the narratives in place for Black people and other marginalized communities, we must first do our part by educating ourselves and one another. He plans on using his technical background to address the environmental issues plaguing this world. At Oxford, Taylon is studying the intersection of energy, environmental justice, and policy with hopes of finding effective solutions to this paradoxical relationship. With his spare time, he enjoys playing for his college basketball team, exploring new places, and having a nice cup of tea. Grace Regnier is reading for the BPhil in Philosophy at Oriel College, Oxford. She graduated summa cum laude with a BA in Philosophy and a BSc in Biology from the University of South Carolina, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and received the Josiah Morse Award for philosophy. Her cross-disciplinary research examined how mechanistic philosophy informs schema formation for emerging concepts in brain aging. She wrote her thesis on perfection, goodness, and final causes in Descartes and Thomas Aquinas. Grace founded and led her campus chapter of the Thomistic Institute, for which she organized reading groups and lectures on how the insights of the Catholic intellectual tradition can help us answer contemporary questions. In her free time, Grace enjoys reading novels, baking desserts, visiting sunny beaches, and exploring the American South which she calls home. Grace is excited to delve into the relationship between metaphysics, natural philosophy, and ethics, focusing especially on the transition from classical to early modern philosophy and the recent revival in virtue ethics. Peter Varga is reading for the DPhil in Experimental Psychology at Christ Church, Oxford. Before coming up to Oxford, he received his MSc in Psychological Sciences from William &amp; Mary. He graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa as the President’s Award recipient and a University Scholar from the Catholic University of America with a BA in Psychology and minors in Neuroscience, Philosophy, and Theology &amp; Religious Studies, earning additional honors in Classical Philosophy, Theology, and Humanities. Drawing on his background as a classically trained guitarist and liturgical organist, his DPhil thesis investigates how emotion and higher states (e.g., inspiration) are communicated by composers to listeners via music, as well as the implications of this process for cultural transmission and evolution. Championing an interdisciplinary approach to the pursuit of knowledge, his past research has examined the role of aesthetics in science, experiences of higher goods (e.g., unity, truth, goodness, beauty) as indicators of self-transcendent well-being, the function of inspiration and imagination in the creative process, the social and emotional underpinnings of the ‘chills’ response to film and music, the effect of social stress on prospective memory, and differences between terrestrial and lunar psychophysics using virtual reality. Outside of academia, Peter serves as the Development Officer for the Christ Church Music Trust. In his free time, he enjoys singing with the Christ Church and Hertford college choirs and fencing with the University Club. Nicholas West is reading for the MSc in Mathematical Modelling and Scientific Computing at Merton College, Oxford. Afterward, he will read for the MSc by Research in Mathematics at St Cross College, Oxford. His research focuses on using numerical linear algebra techniques to analyze large networks. He graduated summa cum laude from Hillsdale College with a BSc in Applied Mathematics and Physics. In his senior thesis in Physics, he explored the use of pulsars to detect gravitational waves. In his undergraduate research in applied mathematics, he modelled the spread of opioids in the U.S. and the migration of mackerel and herring in the Atlantic Ocean. He has also performed research in signals analysis with the U.S. Department of Defense. He worked on campus at Hillsdale as a teaching assistant and tutor in Calculus and Linear Algebra. Outside of work and academics, Nicholas led weekly meetings for Hillsdale’s Chess Club and volunteered teaching Sunday school at his local church. His favorite pastimes are reading fiction, learning languages, and watching movies with family and friends. Victoria Xiao is reading for the MPhil in Theology (New Testament) at St Cross College, Oxford. Her undergraduate degree comes from Dartmouth College, where she majored in Philosophy. Her research connects philosophy, theology, and political economy. As a student researcher, she worked extensively with Dartmouth professors on Augustine, Pseudo-Dionysius, and Thomas Aquinas. In particular, she has written about the theological implications of De Trinitate as a phenomenological text, particularly concerning the Filioque . She has also analyzed Western cultural and political issues from an onto-theological standpoint, juxtaposing Jean-Paul Sartre and Jacques Maritain’s views of existence and their respective moral implications. Moreover, supported by two different Dartmouth grants, Victoria researched twentieth-century Russian and East European literature and twentieth-century Chinese intellectual history. At Oxford, Victoria hopes to explore the personal, immanent, and transformative dimensions of metaphysics through the study of Scripture and its patristic reception. In her free time, Victoria enjoys playing the piano and a Chinese instrument called Guqin. 2021 Barry Scholar Cohort Kaitlyn Bennett is reading for the MPhil in Music Performance at St Cross College, Oxford. She graduated summa cum laude from Grove City College, where she studied music and philosophy. Kaitlyn performs regularly as both a solo and collaborative pianist and has worked extensively as a piano instructor. Her research at Oxford explores the relationship between music and grief alongside the ways music is responsible for shaping narratives within Christian worship. She also maintains interests in piano pedagogy and practical theology. In her free time, Kaitlyn enjoys running, competitive spikeball matches, and days spent outdoors with her husband and son. Lizzie Bond is reading for the MPhil in Early Modern History (1500-1700) at Magdalen College, Oxford. Hailing from Norfolk, Virginia, she recently graduated magna cum laude from Duke University with a bachelor’s degree in History (concentrating in Law and Governance) and English, along with a minor in Political Science. She received Highest Distinction for her Senior Honors Thesis in History, which examined how 17th-century women’s petitions across Britain and its Atlantic empire served as a unique forum for women to access the law and comment upon it in politically significant ways. While Lizzie’s aspirations include training as an early modern legal and women’s historian, she remains deeply interested in exploring intellectual questions across the humanities, namely those which consider the implications for the Christian faith and western culture in the modern world. Also having a strong background in politics, she has dedicated much of her time to fostering cross-difference and cross-partisan dialogue, to engaging in community-building efforts, and to contemplating the nature of conservatism. When Lizzie is not studying centuries-old petitions, you can find her reading Faulkner, having theological discussions, restoring antiques, and taking care of her Persian cat, Prynne du Pre. Joel Byman is reading for the MPhil in Theology at St Cross College, Oxford. He was previously at Harvard College, where he studied Economics and Comparative Religion. His research interests lie at the intersection of theology, history, and economics. For his senior thesis he studied the impact of the internet on religion in the United States. At Oxford, he hopes to explore the influence and appropriation of Puritanism within 20th- and 21st-century Evangelicalism. Outside academia, Joel enjoys playing the piano, bicycling, and exploring new coffee shops with his wife. Gabriel Calvo is reading for the MPhil in Theology at Oriel College, Oxford. He graduated from Villanova University with a BA with Honors in Philosophy and the Humanities. He calls Albuquerque, NM, home. His academic interests include metaphysics and philosophy of religion, and his senior thesis was on whether Eros can be considered a divine name for God. He enjoys baseball, hiking, agriculture, and poetry outside the classroom. Lewis and Tolkien are his favorites for pleasure reading. Denton Knight is reading for the MPhil in Development Studies at St Antony’s College, Oxford. He graduated magna cum laude from the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he studied International Affairs and Persian. He also spent a year living and working in Tajikistan, where he built assistive devices for children with disabilities and taught English. At West Point, Denton commanded a company of cadets through summer field training and led the cadet Trust program, an organization focused on fighting sexual assault and harassment through offering peer support at the lowest level. His research has explored the impact of technology on education quality and the effect of foreign aid on rates of social capital. At Oxford, Denton hopes to foster a multidimensional understanding of international community development that moves beyond mere preservation of life and towards human flourishing. Katerina Levinson is reading for the DPhil in Medieval and Modern Languages (Spanish) at Wolfson College, Oxford. She completed the MSt in Medieval and Modern Languages (Spanish and English) at The Queen's College, Oxford in 2021. Prior to that, she graduated from the Honors College at Baylor University, where she studied Great Texts and Spanish. She was a recipient of the Fulbright ETA Fellowship from the U.S. State Department and Spanish government, and has worked as a political philosophy research assistant and an English and History secondary school teacher. Her research interests include gender and religious themes in Spanish Golden Age literature (especially drama) and visual art. In her free time, Katerina enjoys rock climbing, rowing, and singing. Angelo Ryu is reading for the DPhil in Law at St John’s College. Previously he read the MPhil in Law, the BCL, and the BA in Jurisprudence, also at St John’s. His research interests are clustered primarily in public law and legal theory. His thesis is on the concept of jurisdiction in administrative law. He has also written on the doctrine of non-justiciability, the error of fact doctrine, legal anti-positivism, the rule of law, and the role of juries. Ongoing projects include a paper on the nature of mercy, the basis for negligence liability, the nature of blameworthiness, and the rights-based conception of administrative law. Outside of academia, he briefly worked at the US Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals as a judicial intern. Emerson Salovaara is reading for the BPhil in Philosophy at St Edmund Hall, Oxford. He graduated magna cum laude with an AB in Philosophy from Princeton University, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and received the Class of 1869 Prize for his thesis on natural law ethics. Emerson is interested in the political implications of human nature, especially regarding the proper use of technology to achieve social well-being. He enjoys cycling, backpacking, and long walks through old cities. Allie Trice is reading for the MPhil in Medieval History at Somerville College, Oxford. She graduated from the University of South Carolina with a BA in History and English. Her academic interests as an undergraduate were divided between various time periods in medieval history and her senior thesis: an in-depth treatment of the events of 9/11 through the lens of sensory history. At Oxford she will combine historical and theological interests by examining the theory and practice of supernatural healings by the bishops and desert fathers of Late Antiquity. Though a questioner and researcher to her core, Allie prefers to do everything she does with people. She decompresses by camping, cooking, hosting, and combing second-hand stores for hidden treasures. 2020 Barry Scholar Cohort Cayla Bleoaja read the MSc in Sociology at Jesus College, Oxford. She graduated magna cum laude from George Fox University, where she studied Psychology, Organizational Communication, and Philosophy. Her past work includes foreign policy research for a think tank in Washington D.C., legislative research in the Oregon State Senate, and clinical psychology research at Randall Children Hospital’s child abuse resource centre. At Oxford, Cayla is studying the interactions between cultural history, social context, and collective identity in the current Romanian diaspora. In the future, she hopes to inform public policy, engage the public in cross-cultural collaborations, and facilitate mutual understanding and empowering relationships between communities. She is a classical pianist and a recording performing artist. Huailun Chen read the MPhil in Islamic Studies and History at St Antony’s College. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with bachelor's degrees in International Relations, Religious Studies, and Modern Middle Eastern Studies, and a minor in Arabic and Islamic Studies. He is interested in religion and movement along the Silk Road with close attention to liminality. His current project studies Syriac Christianity in Central Asia and China. With his academic work, he hopes to critically analyze the field of area studies and its borders. In his free time, Huailun plays classical guitar and translates poetry ( thesilkscroll.tumblr.com ). Romi Ferder read the MPhil in Politics (Political Theory) at Wolfson College, Oxford. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Claremont McKenna College with a BA in PPE (Philosophy, Politics, and Economics) and Psychology. Romi’s past work has considered questions of access to justice, Supreme Court term limits, racially biased jury selection, and other applications of democratic and constitutional principles. Her thesis established a pattern in recent Supreme Court case law, arguing that the Court has purported to extend speech rights by expanding protections for commercial entities while actually undermining the vested rights of the democratic citizen. During her time at Oxford, Romi hopes to consider these issues more broadly by examining philosophical approaches to free speech and government intervention. David Frisch read the MPhil in Politics (Political Theory) at St Cross College, Oxford. He graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Duke University, with a BA in Political Science and minors in History and Religion; he was also named an Angier B. Duke Scholar. He also completed coursework in political theory at New College, Oxford, and in the history of political thought at Pembroke College, Cambridge. David’s core research interests lie at the intersection of religion, history, and politics. He has treated child protection and family law as his primary case study for the critical importance of religious and cultural tolerance. He volunteered both as a courthouse childcare specialist and for three years as a court advocate for survivors of domestic violence. Thanks to two grants from Duke University, he has done work on this topic in U.S. courthouses, at historical archives in Spain, and as an invited Visiting Researcher at the Monash University Law Faculty in Melbourne, Australia. Beyond academics, David is grateful to the rivers in his hometown of Pittsburgh but is glad to be rowing once again on British waters. Connor Grubaugh is reading for the DPhil in Politics at Oriel College, Oxford. Before coming to Oxford, Connor received a BA in History from the University of California, Berkeley, and an MA in Political Science from the University of Notre Dame. His research ranges widely across themes in political theory and the history of political thought, with a focus on the modern reception of ancient historiography and Christian theology. His primary interest is in the philosophy of history and the importance of the concept of hope for the development of the liberal political tradition. He has presented papers on Hannah Arendt’s appropriation of St. Augustine and on the political implications of John Locke’s Christian apologetics. Will Nolan is reading for the BPhil in Philosophy at Exeter College, Oxford. He received an AB in Philosophy from Princeton University, graduating with honors. His undergraduate thesis analysed Aquinas’s reinterpretation of Aristotelian akrasia in human moral psychology, for which he was awarded the Joseph Strayer Prize in Medieval Studies. After graduation he spent a year teaching literature and philosophy at a classical high school outside of New York City. He is interested in the entire philosophical tradition, but his research focuses on the period from the first Greeks through the flourishing of medieval scholasticism, with particular emphasis on questions of human freedom and the nature of the soul. When not pursuing these academic interests, Will also enjoys a good novel, a long conversation, and a competitive tennis match. Jim Pennell read the MPhil in Theology (Christian Ethics) at Christ Church, Oxford. He graduated with first-class honors from the University of St Andrews with a joint MA (Hons) in Theology and Modern History. While at St Andrews, he wrote his honors thesis on how a Christian philosophical anthropology should engage with modern debates concerning the relation between human dignity and euthanasia, and was awarded the N.H.G. Robinson Prize in Divinity. Jim’s intellectual interests lie primarily at the intersection of political theory, theology, and the history of political thought. He is especially concerned with how theological concepts interacted with the legal, political, and ethical ideas of thinkers of the medieval and early modern periods, and how this history colors the way we think about ethics and public life today. Before coming to Oxford, Jim spent two years working for a law and public policy non-profit in Washington, D.C. In his spare time, Jim enjoys reading novels, golfing, and exploring the outdoors. Megan Whitaker read the MPhil in Evidence-Based Social Intervention and Policy Evaluation at St Hilda’s College, Oxford. She graduated summa cum laude from Williams College, where she studied Sociology, Psychology, and Public Health. Her senior thesis explored secularization and religiosity at Western universities by taking the Williams College Haystack Prayer Meeting of 1806, and events commemorating it at fifty-year intervals since then, as a case study of the phenomenon. After graduating from Williams, she worked at a local church at Purdue University and later began theological study at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary. Megan is particularly interested in integrating public health and theological approaches to suffering, poverty, and healing. She hopes her time at Oxford will help her in this endeavor to serve impoverished communities in multi-faceted and effective ways. Corbin Witt read the BA in History at Pembroke College, Oxford. He graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Arizona State University with a degree in Human Communication and a minor in Civic and Economic Thought and Leadership. His thesis for Barrett, the Honors College, involved visual rhetoric used by mass media when discussing criminal defendants. His other research has involved studies on public memory and the War on Terror, and the intersection of positive law and ethical theory. His current studies in History are motivated by an interest in the development of the criminal justice system. After Oxford, Corbin hopes to pursue a legal career and ultimately to serve as a judge. He enjoys Arabic calligraphy and writing short fiction. Melia Wong read the MSt in the History of War at Kellogg College, Oxford, and formerly completed the MSt in Music (Musicology) at Christ Church. She graduated from Claremont McKenna College with degrees in Music and Government. Her primary research interests lie at the intersection of music, politics, and the accessibility of classical music. Melia’s previous research has focused on American Civil War songs, specifically those with melodies shared by both Union and Confederate forces, but with altered lyrics. At Claremont, she received the Brian Walkenb
