URL: https://thekovnerfoundation.org
ORG: Kovner Foundation
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 The Kovner Foundation &#8211; About Us The Kovners Our Goals &#038; Approach Who We Are Programs Education Scholarships An Opportunity Society Arts Community News &#038; Resources Media Coverage Grantee News Speeches and Webinars Research Studies Further Reading Contact Us The Juilliard School Success Academy Charter Schools International Rescue Committee National Theatre of Great Britain Centurion Institute for Justice The Innocence Project Carnegie Hall: Ensemble Connect Prev Next The Kovner Foundation, a private 501 (c) 3 established in 1996, supports organizations that promote excellence in the arts and education, initiatives that defend private enterprise and protect individual rights, and scholarly studies and research that strengthen American democratic principles. Education The Foundation supports efforts to increase competition and choice throughout the American educational system, public and private. Learn More &rsaquo; Scholarships The Foundation rewards academic achievement and ambition by providing scholarships to students who have demonstrated leadership, strength of character, and determination. Learn More &rsaquo; Opportunity Society The Foundation advocates for an opportunity society that promotes a strong economy, provides effective and meaningful education for all, and helps the disadvantaged achieve a better life for themselves and their children. Learn More &rsaquo; Arts The Foundation supports a vibrant arts and cultural community that nurtures young artists and contributes to the well-being of the whole society. Learn More &rsaquo; PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF SERVICE | PHOTO CREDITS &copy;2026 The Kovner Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Jessica Browning, Chief Operating Officer X Benjamin Sosland, Vice President for Music Programs Benjamin Sosland leads the Foundation’s global philanthropic efforts to uphold and sustain classical music as one of humanity’s greatest achievements. He has most recently served as Provost and Dean of the Faculty at the New England Conservatory in Boston, where he oversaw the faculty, curriculum, artistic planning, and the day-to-day running of the school. He was the founding administrative director of the Historical Performance program at The Juilliard School, which the New York Times cited as “the driving force” behind the renaissance of early music. He was also a member of the Graduate Studies faculty at Juilliard and was the founding assistant dean for the Kovner Fellowship, establishing and overseeing this elite scholarship program. Sosland is a frequent pre-concert lecturer, a guest panelist, and conference moderator. Trained as a tenor, he holds an undergraduate degree from the Eastman School of Music and master’s and doctoral degrees from The Juilliard School. X 
