URL: https://www.stiles-nicholson.org
ORG: The Stiles-Nicholson Foundation
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Stiles Nicholson Foundation - Stiles Nicholson Foundation Who We Are Who We Fund Initiatives Free Enterprise &#038; Entrepreneurship Financial Literacy STEM Education Outcomes Veterans &#038; Humanitarian News Contact Who We Are Who We Fund Initiatives Free Enterprise &#038; Entrepreneurship Financial Literacy STEM Education Outcomes Veterans &#038; Humanitarian News Contact Who We Are Who We Fund Initiatives Free Enterprise &#038; Entrepreneurship Financial Literacy STEM Education Outcomes Veterans &#038; Humanitarian News Contact Kids are only 25% of the population but represent 100% of our future. Empowering Innovation. Inspiring Leaders. Transforming Lives. Established in honor of great men. The Stiles-Nicholson Foundation was formed in 1992 as a private family foundation in memory of William John Stiles (a WW II fallen soldier), and William Nicholson (a German POW survivor), the father and step-father of David John Stiles Nicholson. The mission presently includes 4 major education initiatives and we are excited to utilize our rapid growth to help create a better, more opportunistic America with equal opportunity for all to be the best that they can be. Learn More Shaping brighter futures. We are dedicated to unlocking opportunity and shaping brighter futures through education, innovation, and leadership. Guided by a belief in the power of free enterprise and entrepreneurship, we invest in programs that strengthen financial literacy, expand access to STEM education, and close achievement gaps for all students. Learn More Free Enterprise &amp; Entrepreneurship. The Stiles-Nicholson Foundation believes in educating individuals about the benefits of the free enterprise system and entrepreneurship, and how they work together to reduce poverty and build and grow the most dynamic and successful economy in human history. Learn More Financial Literacy. We are dedicated to promoting widespread basic financial education, equipping all individuals with the knowledge and skills necessary to survive and prosper in the real world. Learn More STEM. STEM, particularly Technology, is rapidly changing our lives as we know it. Through targeted initiatives in STEM education, the Foundation is encouraging students to learn more about the wonders of STEM and to adopt STEM as a career to help improve the quality of our lives through science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Learn More Education Outcomes. The USA ranked 20th out of 92 nations in Reading, Mathematics and Science according to an independent study done by the Programme for International Student Assessment. China is #1. We can do better! We believe that our current poor and unequal education outcomes can be improved through embracing modern tools and technologies such as personalized Artificial Intelligence tutors and assistants for all students and teachers. Learn More REALITY CHECK … THE 4TH “R” IN EDUCATION. Life is tough! Surviving after graduation requires a better understanding of the REAL world…. How our free enterprise economy really works, how to get a good job and how to apply those basic money skills necessary to become financially independent. In our rapidly changing world, graduates need to understand and embrace STEM which is changing our lives increasingly every day. Our vision is to empower students to not only survive but to flourish and be the best that they can be. Contact Us Privacy Policy | Terms &amp; Conditions © The Stiles-Nicholson Foundation 2026. All rights reserved. Website by Bluephoric . 
