URL: https://www.barkerwelfare.org
ORG: Barker Welfare Foundation
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Home - Barker Welfare Foundation Skip to content Home News Mission Statement Directors General Policy Funding Inquiry Annual Reports Contact Us Home News Mission Statement Directors General Policy Funding Inquiry Annual Reports Contact Us Welcome to The Barker Welfare Foundation The Barker Welfare Foundation provides grants to qualified charitable organizations whose initiatives improve the quality of life, with an emphasis on strengthening youth and families and to reflect the philosophy of Catherine B. Hickox, the Founder. Office Update: NEW Mailing Address: P.O. BOX 31432 Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33420 NEW Phone Number +1 (561) 677-9119 The Barker Welfare Foundation With the sale of the Haskell-Barker Car Company to the Pullman Company, Catherine Barker established the Barker Annuity Fund in 1924 to provide pensions for former Haskell &amp; Barker employees and their families who were ineligible for benefits under the Pullman Company plan. In 1934, The Barker Welfare Foundation was founded to support nonprofit organizations. After fulfillment of the Annuity Fund, the remaining balance was transferred to the Foundation, which is operated with the involvement of numerous Barker-Hickox heirs. Consideration will be given to grant applications from institutions and agencies operating in the field of health, welfare, education, cultural activities, and civic affairs, primarily serving New York City (the five boroughs only) and Michigan City, Indiana. Our Mission Statement The mission of the Barker Welfare Foundation is to make grants to qualified charitable organizations whose initiatives improve the quality of life, with an emphasis on strengthening youth and families, which reflects the philanthropy of Catherine Barker Hickox The Founder Eligibility Organizations must be classified by the Internal Revenue Service as public charities and tax-exempt under section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Start-ups of new organizations are discouraged from applying. The Foundation requires 2 years for audited financial statements (or a Review by an accounting firm) and 2 years of IRS Form 990’s complete with ALL schedules. Site Visits will not be arranged prior to the submission of a proposal. We will make every effort to inform applicants promptly if their proposal will not be successful. An applicant whose proposal has been turned down must wait at least one year before reapplying. Grants are not made to organizations whose work is conducted outside of the United States. Grants are not made to individuals, to federated campaigns or to work with specific diseases or disabilities. Proposals from educational institutions for scholarships and fellowships are discouraged, as well as requests for endowments and research efforts. Proposals from social services and cultural institutions from outside the metropolitan New York (five boroughs of New York City) area will not be considered. Other funding areas include; Michigan City Indiana, and Chicago, IL (Chicago requests for proposal are initiated by the Foundation only). Please see the full guidelines under the “General Policy” tab. History For the history of the Barker Family and the Barker Welfare Foundation, please visit us at the Barker Mansion where you can find resources such as: A Timeline of Historical Events or take a Virtual Tour The Barker Mansion Haskell & Barker Car Company Plant, Michigan City John H. Barker John Barker The Barker Mansion, Michigan City, Indiana The Haskell & Barker Car Company Factory Floor The Haskell & Barker Car Company Plant, Michigan City The Haskell & Barker Car Company Paint Shop The oldest picture of Haskell & Barker's original plant. The Barker Welfare Foundation is a private foundation established in Illinois in 1934 by Catherine Barker Hickox. Foundation Info The Barker Welfare Foundation provides grants to qualified charitable organizations whose initiatives improve the quality of life, with an emphasis on strengthening youth and families and to reflect the philosophy of Catherine B. Hickox, the Founder. Privacy | Terms Of Use Contact Us P.O. BOX 31432 Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33420 +1 (561) 677-9119 (Office) info@barkerwelfare.org Useful Links Directors General Policy Funding Inquiry Annual Reports Contact Us Copyright © 2023 The Barker Welfare Foundation. All Rights Reserved. 
