URL: https://www.kantnerfoundation.org
ORG: Kantner Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Kantner Foundation Portal Home About Recipients Organizations Contact Apply Now Blog Donate Account Home About Recipients Organizations Contact Apply Blog Donate Awarding college scholarships to high school seniors in Florida Apply today for a scholarship of up to $3,000. APPLY TODAY About the Foundation The Kantner Foundation awards scholarships to outstanding students who demonstrate an understanding of and commitment to entrepreneurship as well as high potential for future success. Learn more about Kantner scholarships and apply today. Your browser does not support the video tag. Mission &amp; Values The Kantner Foundation was established in 1987 by Woodrow A. Kantner, a self-made real estate developer and investor from Martin County, Florida, to carry out his twin objectives of providing scholarships to like-minded high school students and advancing the free enterprise system. The Kantner Foundation recognizes outstanding high school students who have demonstrated an understanding of and commitment to entrepreneurship. Over the past 32 years, more than 200 scholarships have been awarded to students who demonstrate high potential for future success and have met the qualifications set by the Kantner Foundation. The Kantner Foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization and private foundation that offers a unique opportunity to individuals who want to support talented students but prefer not to be involved in the process of identifying deserving candidates. Under the provisions of the Kantner Foundation, donors enjoy all the benefits of charitable giving and the satisfaction of knowing that their contributions enrich the lives of America’s future leaders. Click here to donate today. Woodrow A. Kantner The life of Woodrow A. Kantner reads like a Horatio Alger story. He survived a plane crash into New Hampshire’s Mt. Jim during World War II, experienced a difficult divorce and bankruptcy at the age of 42, and realized windfall profits during the real estate boom of the 1980s. Throughout his career, Mr. Kantner accepted the challenge of doing things properly and understanding when compromise and sacrifice are appropriate. As a decorated U.S. Air Force pilot and avid outdoorsman, he cared about our nation’s heritage and its future—the gifted young people of today. The primary purpose of the Foundation will be to provide opportunities for deserving students … who may not otherwise be financially able, to obtain a degree from a four-year college or university. Woodrow A. Kantner, Founder, 1917 — 2007 Kantner Foundation Guide to Youth Entrepreneurship The Kantner Foundation recognizes the unique drive of young entrepreneurs and wants to reward those who dream big and work hard. To help you on your journey, download a free copy of the Kantner Foundation Official Guide to Youth Entrepreneurship below. Use this guidebook to build strong and effective habits, improve your mindset, and gather valuable resources DOWNLOAD FREE GUIDEBOOK Telephone 787-696-1190 Address The Kantner Foundation 5500 Military Trail, Suite 22-260 Jupiter, FL 33458 Email kantnerfoundation@gmail.com Terms of Use | Privacy Policy 
