URL: https://icoulddogreatthings.org
ORG: I Could Do Great Things Foundation
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 I Could Do Great Things Foundation - Home - I Could Do Great Things Foundation Home Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship Equine Education and Internships at the Camden Training Center Tulane University’s Stuart and Suzanne Grant Center for American Jewish Experience Stuart and Suzanne Grant Stadium at the University of Delaware Community Jewish Federation of Delaware Tulane University Academic Partnership Stuart &#038; Suzanne Grant Comprehensive Excellence Society The Warehouse The Robson Program About Us Stuart Grant Suzanne Grant Contact Us 2024 Beau Biden Scholarship Application Form Online Grant Application Home Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship Equine Education and Internships at the Camden Training Center Tulane University’s Stuart and Suzanne Grant Center for American Jewish Experience Stuart and Suzanne Grant Stadium at the University of Delaware Community Jewish Federation of Delaware Tulane University Academic Partnership Stuart &#038; Suzanne Grant Comprehensive Excellence Society The Warehouse The Robson Program About Us Stuart Grant Suzanne Grant Contact Us 2024 Beau Biden Scholarship Application Form Online Grant Application 2024 Beau Biden Scholarship Application We are now accepting Applications for the 2024 Beau Biden Scholarship. The deadline to apply has been extended to Friday, April 12th, 2024. The foundation established the Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship in 2015. The Grants wanted to honor Beau Biden’s memory by creating a scholarship that recognizes college-bound high school seniors from Delaware “who embody the virtues of former Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden, who exhibit qualities of leadership, community, civility, respect, and a strong moral compass. Scholarship Application We believe that there are lots of people who could do Great Things for their communities and help solve important problems. I Could Do Great Things Foundation Read More Our Impact Beau Biden Scholarship The foundation established the Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship in 2015. The Grants wanted to honor Beau Biden’s memory by creating a scholarship... Read More Equine Education &amp; Internships Equine education and internship initiatives through the I Could Do Great Things Foundation... Read More Grant Center for American Jewish Experience In 2019, Tulane University received a transformational gift from the foundation to establish Tulane University’s Stuart and Suzanne Grant Center for American Jewish Experience... Read More Grant Stadium at the University of Delaware The Stuart &amp; Suzanne Grant Stadium at the University of Delaware, home to the Blue Hens’ soccer and track teams, features a field for soccer, a quarter-mile all-weather track... Read More Community Impact The I Could Do Great Things Foundation is open to supporting many different philanthropic endeavors, we prioritize those related to education, community and Jewish causes. Read More Let's do something great Together Let's make something great together Contact us! Apply for a Grant We are in the business of providing support and encouragement to people, to help them turn their ideas into reality. Download our application here. If you would like to print the application, fill it out and mail it back to us. Fill out the online grant application Community News and Updates Delaware High School Seniors Urged to Apply for 2023 Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship Delaware High School Seniors Urged to Apply for 2023 Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship Scholarship Offered Through I Could Do Great Things Foundation January 30, 2023 11:32 AM Eastern Standard Time WILMINGTON, Del.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The I Could Do Great Things Foundation, founded in 2009 by Stuart M. Grant and Suzanne B. Grant, announced the application period [...] Read more Michael Cohen invested as inaugural Grant Chair in the American Jewish Experience Michael Cohen Invested as Inaugural Grant Chair in the American Jewish Experience Michael Cohen, Provost Robin Forman and Dean Brian Edwards process at 2 Audubon Place during Cohen’s investiture as the Stuart and Suzanne Grant Chair in the American Jewish Experience. The event also honored the establishment of the Stuart and Suzanne Grant Center for [&hellip;] Read more Winners of Annual Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship Announced Winners of Annual Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship Announced Four Delaware high school seniors recognized for their accomplishments will share $24,000 in scholarships funded by Delaware-based philanthropy, I Could Do Great Things Foundation Wilmington, Del. (April 26, 2022) – The I Could Do Great Things Foundation, founded in 2009 by Stuart M. Grant and Suzanne B. [&hellip;] Read more Delaware High School Seniors Urged to Apply for Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship Delaware High School Seniors Urged to Apply for Beau Biden Memorial Scholarship Scholarship Offered Through I Could Do Great Things Foundation UPDATE: Applications are currently closed, and the winners will be announced in April, 2022. WILMINGTON, Del.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The I Could Do Great Things Foundation, founded in 2009 by Stuart M. Grant and Suzanne B. Grant, is pleased [...] Read more Load more Meet Our Founders Stuart Grant Stuart Grant is an acclaimed attorney, entrepreneur, investor, sportsman, and philanthropist who has achieved notable success in numerous pursuits from jurisprudence to thoroughbred horse racing. Read More Suzanne Grant Suzanne Grant is an accomplished business woman and philanthropist. Over the past 35 years, Suzanne has held numerous investment-related positions in the investment world including at firms such as Smith Barney, Morgan Stanley and Jefferies &amp; Company. Read More Follow us on social! View this post on Instagram A post shared by I Could Do Great Things (@icdgtf) Faculty, staff, alumni, students, parents and friends came together on I Heart UD Giving Day @UDelaware 👏 We are so happy to see this support for #UD &quot;The project Support Jewish Blue Hens at Hillel! surpassed its fundraising goal by more than $20,000&quot; https://t.co/anlwL5uNul &mdash; I Could Do Great Things Foundation (@ICDGTF) May 20, 2021 Looking for something? Search for: Connect With Us About us Contact us Online grant application Beau Biden Scholarship Equine Education and Internships Grant Center for the American Jewish Experience Grant Stadium at UD Community Impact Jewish Federation of Delaware The Robson Program The Warehouse Grant Comprehensive Excellence Society Tulane University Academic Partnership 
