URL: https://www.levitetzfamilyfoundation.org
ORG: Levitetz Family Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Levitetz Family Foundation &#8211; Levitetz Family Foundation Home About Us Organizations News Gallery Dolly’s Dream Adopt a Bully Appreciation Home About Us Organizations News Gallery Dolly’s Dream Adopt a Bully Appreciation Home About Us Organizations News Gallery Dolly’s Dream Adopt a Bully Appreciation We support over 50 charitable organizations annually Making a Difference in the lives of Children, Families and Bully Breeds DON'T BULLY MY BREED We strive to bring communities together by education, community involvement, awareness and rescue of pit bulls and bully breeds. Adopt a Bully About Us Organizations Dolly’s Dream Adopt A Bully The Power of GIVING BACK CHILDREN & FAMILIES We assist our partners with the ability to provide disadvantaged children and families with the chance to succeed. We sponsor summer camps, youth clubs, and special programs. DOG RESCUE We partner with local dog rescues, shelters, and Humane Society’s to rescue and re-home Bully Breeds whom were abandoned, neglected, abused and/or surrendered. We strive to bring communities together by education, community involvement, awareness and rescue of pit bulls and bully breeds. ATHLETES The Athlete Appearance Program helps guide and mentor young athletes throughout country and give them a chance to see their heroes. We are also so happy assist The Women’s Olympic Wrestling Program by providing all the necessary resources needed to succeed. Scholarships Providing scholarships enables universities to help their students achieve their educational goals and their full potential. Food Banks We support our partner’s mission in proving food and emergency assistance to families in our local community and long-term solutions to break the cycle of dependence. Research We contribute in helping advance scientific research, enhance renowned education programs and ensure patients receive exceptional care. Schools We have built 6 schools in Jamaica and 2 schools in Honduras in collaboration with Food for the Poor where young students will have the opportunity to excel in enriching and stimulating learning environments. VETERANS Flying local WWII, Korean & Vietnam War veterans to Washington, DC to visit the memorials built to honor their service and sacrifices. SENIORS Enriching the quality of life for our local seniors through Bistro Programs, Christmas Meals, transportation, and hospice services. Supported Organizations 0 Start of Levitetz Family Foundation 0 Adopted Dogs 0 + In Donations Since Inception $ 0 M Latest News How Susan Connor Built P&amp;H Interiors in Coral Springs into One of the Nation’s Top Interior Design Firms Original article published on Tap into Coral Springs on December 12, 2023 by Leon Fooksman. CORAL SPRINGS, FL – It was at a dental chair that Susan Connor’s life trajectory cha Read More Dolly’s Dream on WSFL-TV South Florida Every year 1.2 million dogs are euthanized and approximately 40% of those dogs are pitbulls. Read More Levitetz Gives Back From the 2021 Collegian | When Jeffrey Levitetz graduated from The University of Alabama, he left with a sense of determination, a dream, and a business he ran out of his car. Read More Furry Fridays: Donuts and Dogs on Channel 39, Inside South Florida. Dolly’s Dream is a foundation that works with the Humane Society of Broward County and underwrites the adoption fee of select bully breed dogs. Read More Let's make Dolly's dream a reality, one bull at a time Adopt a Bully About Us The Levitetz Family Foundation (LFF) works with local, national and international non-profit organizations to create possibilities and opportunities to succeed. Contact Us 5300 Broken Sound Blvd. NW, Suite 110 Boca Raton FL, 33487 800-323-7254 ✉︎ Info@LevitetzFamilyFoundation.org Generosity and Support Purity Wholesale Grocers (PWG) was founded on the belief that if you do what you say you are going to do, you will achieve what you set out to achieve in business. Now a nationwide family of independently operated companies, we pride ourselves on being the recognized leader in the industry. With financial strength, technical innovations, professional employees, and a customer-first approach we are committed to setting new standards of excellence. In the business world and beyond, we support and care for our co-workers, our customers, and our communities. Purity Wholesale Grocers is not just a business, but a way of doing business. Copyright @2024 Levitetz Family Foundation | Web Design by Katapult Marketing 
