URL: https://rickelfoundation.org
ORG: Annette Urso Rickel Foundation Inc
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Annette Urso Rickel Foundation | Funding for STEAM Projects Skip to content Rickel Foundation Menu Close Our Mission STEAM Funding Projects Boardroom News Apply Search&hellip; We’re funding individual projects and organizations, big and small. Past recipients include individuals as well as larger organizations. With our support, we hope your STEAM project will have a lasting community impact and demonstrate growth in students of all ages. See all Past Recipients Apply for STEAM Funds Latest News Symphony in the Schools: A Year of Growth November 21, 2025 The Rickel Foundation is proud to support South Florida Symphony Orchestra’s Symphony in the Schools program, a rapidly growing initiative bringing high-quality music education to students across Broward, Miami-Dade, and Monroe Counties. Supporting Literacy and STEM at Spookyville 2025 November 7, 2025 Spookyville was a hit again this year! Rickel Foundation is proud to sponsor the Literacy Coalition’s Spookyville Project at Yesteryear Village. STEM Open House at the Cox Science Center and Aquarium October 31, 2025 The Cox Science Center and Aquarium, in collaboration with the FAU Stiles-Nicholson STEM Teacher Academy, recently hosted the Annual STEM Open House View more News / Press We’re interested in your project. We believe that young people reap enormous benefits from participating in STEAM projects. And these benefits continue into adulthood as they spark careers that combine these interdisciplinary approaches. We want to help make more projects like these happen. Learn more about STEAM Our Mission The Rickel Foundation identifies and funds projects which involve real-world problem-solving. We believe that joining Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, and Math (STEAM) can bring creative solutions to the world's big challenges. Middle school students in the Science program at Palm Beach Day used a combination of sculpture, design, data analysis, and marine biology to study and problem solve ways of protecting the coral reef in Florida. Read more about the project STEM represents science, technology, engineering and maths. “STEAM” represents STEM plus the arts – humanities, language arts, dance, drama, music, visual arts, design and new media. " The Annette Urso Rickel Foundation enabled our school to create a research environment, one where our students could participate in an authentic exploration of innovation and discovery. It was an a remarkable opportunity that really proved why this type of teaching method is so necessary for our leaders of tomorrow. We are forever grateful." Ashley Hollern | Science Teacher Palm Beach Day Academy Community Impact We are focused on providing solutions to today’s concerns through thoughtful, sustainable practices and greater social awareness. We strive to improve our communities by supporting broader participation in educational and environmental concerns. Interdisciplinary The STEAM approach encourages divergent thinking and generates new technologies and ideas. With no boundaries between the arts and sciences, active engagement from diverse fields will force change through innovation. Future Focused STEAM is the future of student centered, inquiry-based education. The Annette Urso Rickel Foundation aims to equip young people to respond to real-world challenges with creative approaches. Foundation Our Mission Boardroom Funding Past &#038; Current Recipients Connect Contact Us Apply for STEAM funding Media &#038; Assets News Latest News Symphony in the Schools: A Year of Growth Supporting Literacy and STEM at Spookyville 2025 STEM Open House at the Cox Science Center and Aquarium Newsletter Instagram Youtube Facebook LinkedIn Bluesky Copyright © 2000–2026 Annette Urso Rickel Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Website by ARKO . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. 
