URL: https://benniebenjaminfoundation.org/scholarships-awarded/
ORG: Bennie & Martha Benjamin Foundation Inc - Scholarships Awarded
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Medical Education Scholarships | Scholarships Awarded Skip to content Home About Us About the Foundation Grants Awarded Scholarships Awarded Key Players About Bennie and Martha Grants Offered Financial Assistance Program Requirements Previous Recipients News and Articles Gallery Contact Us × Home About Us About the Foundation Grants Awarded Scholarships Awarded Key Players About Bennie and Martha Grants Offered Financial Assistance Program Requirements Previous Recipients News and Articles Gallery Contact Us SCHOLARSHIPS AWARDED Make Your Dream of a Career in Health Care a Reality SCHOLARSHIPS have been awarded to… medical students • physical therapists • nurse midwives • audiologists • pharmacists • certified diabetes educators • public health administrators • senior hospital administrators • nurse practitioners • physician assistants • laboratory technicians Apply for a Scholarship From The Bennie and Martha Benjamin Foundation In addition to awarding dozens of scholarships to medical students, physical therapists, pharmacists, nurses, educators and administrators, the Foundation also has donated much needed equipment and provided medical training programs in the territory. One of the Foundation’s most successful programs has been the Benjamin Foundation’s Student Extern Program in which it supported a partnership between the University of Virgin Islands and The Schneider Medical Center on St. Thomas, and Juan F. Luis Hospital on St. Croix, whereby rising juniors and seniors in the UVI School of Nursing spent the summer at the hospitals shadowing RNs through the various departments. The students became employees of the hospitals and became familiar with the facility and its nurses and doctors and created a sense of belonging. Prior to the student extern program, most UVI graduates left the Territories for work on the mainland. After going through the Benjamin Foundation Student Extern Program, the retention rate zoomed to over 90%, keeping a steady supply of RNs practicing in the USVI. Please Note: Medical School Scholarships are no longer offered. Masters level and Allied Field and tech programs are still being considered. Downloadable Application Forms Download Forms Familiarize Yourself with the Terms of Financial Assistance by downloading Sample Forms Contact Us 301 W. Atlantic Avenue, Suite 05 Delray Beach, FL 33444 Mobile: (561) 213-0105 (561) 243-3166 Main Office: (561) 243-1477 tina@bealelaw.net david@bealelaw.net Connect With Us © 2026, The Bennie and Martha Benjamin Foundation, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Contact Us × Contact Us Scroll To Top 
