URL: https://jorgenation.org
ORG: Jorge Nation Foundation Inc
SOURCE: web.archive.org/20230208125127
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Jorge Nation Foundation | Fulfilling Children&#039;s Dreams Through Travel Donate Purchase Tickets to White Party About Dreams Granted Dream Trip Application Donate Events Contact Enhancing the lives of children through travel See Dream Trips Purchase tickets for our 10th Annual White Party on May 21, 2022 at the Seminole Hard Rock Casino. Purchase Tickets Donate to keep dreams alive Jorge Nation Foundation Inc. is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization, that is dedicated to raising funds to send children and their families on a once-in-a-lifetime all inclusive Dream Trip. Learn More 10th Annual White Party On May 21, 2022, the 10th Annual White Party will make its inspiring and important return. For the past 9 years this event has been widely celebrated among over 500 loyal JNF supporters. Learn More View some of our Dream Trips These dreams, along with the hundreds of Dream Trips we hope to fulfill in the future, are made possible because of the generous donations and contributions of Jorge Nation’s supporters such as you. Learn More Stay Connected to Jorge Nation Foundation Learn More About Dreams Granted Dream Trip Application Donate Events Contact Jorge Nation Foundation Inc. is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization committed to raising funds to send children and their families on a once-in-a-lifetime all inclusive Dream Trip to a destination of their choice. Unlike other charitable organizations, JNF exists to enhance the lives of children through travel from South Florida who are or have been stricken with a terminal or debilitating health condition or illness. JNF is extremely proud to partner with Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital and Nicklaus Children's Hospital, two of the Nation's leading pediatric hospitals, for the purpose of referring and selecting JNF Dream Trip recipients. Stay Connected Enter your email below © 2021 Jorge Nation Foundation Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by TECKpert 
