URL: https://www.sfa.ufl.edu/mfos/
ORG: Miami Coral Park Senior High - UF - Machen Florida Opportunity Scholarship
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Machen Florida Opportunity Scholarship (MFOS) &#8211; UF Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Skip to main content School Logo Link MENU Info for ... Prospective Students Current Undergraduate Students Graduate &#038; Professional Students Veterans Parents UF Online International Students Study Abroad Transient Students Transfer Students Resources MENU Cost Undergraduate Cost Graduate Cost UF Online Cost UF PaCE Innovation Academy Cost How Budgets Are Calculated How Need Is Determined Aid Process Financial Aid Basics How to Apply for Aid Financial Aid Eligibility Check Your Aid Status Federal Verification Rights &#038; Responsibilities Receiving Your Aid Additional Information Types of Aid Florida Bright Futures Grants Scholarships Loans Employment State of Florida Programs Other Aid Resources Policies and Disclosures Calculators Financial Literacy Publications and News SNAP and Assistance Programs Additional Resources Videos Calendar Faculty &#038; Staff Info Forms Contact SFA Contact an Advisor SFA Main Office Information SFA Satellite Offices Message from the Director Machen Florida Opportunity Scholarship (MFOS) SFA News Sidebar SFA News 2026 Fall Disbursements Apply for 2026-27 Financial Aid Machen Florida Opportunity Scholarship (MFOS) The Machen Florida Opportunity Scholarship (MFOS) assists historically low-income first-generation college students in meeting their college costs. First-generation in college is defined as neither of the student&#8217;s parents or legal guardians have earned a bachelor’s degree. The MFOS program provides recipients a full grant and scholarship package , up to financial need, to earn a bachelor’s degree at the University of Florida. You will also receive mentorship and comprehensive support programming to provide you with a positive and successful student experience at the University of Florida. Who is eligible? Students must be admitted into the University of Florida as a first-year student. Students are selected based on the information provided on the UF Admission Application and Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Beginning in the 2022-2023 academic year, for a student to be eligible, parents’, stepparents’, or legal guardians’ combined total income be below $55,000; parents’, stepparents’, or legal guardians’ assets must be below $35,000. To receive this scholarship, potentially eligible students will need to: Log into ONE.UF with your Gatorlink and password View your full aid package at ONE.UF In the new window that appears, check your “To-Dos” under “Action Items” For more information about the Machen Florida Opportunity Scholarships program, visit the Machen Florida Opportunity Scholars page or the SFA scholarships page . Need additional help or have questions? Walk-in financial aid counseling services are available in the Student Financial Aid and Scholarships’ lobby in S-107 Criser Hall from 9am-4:30pm, Monday to Friday. Students may also receive assistance with financial aid questions via phone at 352-392-2244 or via the OneStop . Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Youtube Icon Contact Us Student Financial Aid and Scholarships S-107 Criser Hall P.O. Box 114025 Gainesville, FL 32611 352-392-1275 A Department of the Division of Enrollment Management Resources How to Apply for Aid Receiving Aid Aid Programs Written Student Complaints Campus MyUFL One.UF Disability Services Consumer Information Privacy Policy Connect Contact SFA Contact the SFA Webmaster This page uses Google Analytics Text-Only Translate: Search Submit 
