URL: https://www.ransomeverglades.org/academics/college-counseling
ORG: Ransom Everglades School
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 College Counseling Menu RE founder Paul Ransom, circa 1903 Students who agree to attend Ransom Everglades "believe that they are in the world not so much for what they can get out of it as for what they can put into it. They are unwilling to give up their lives to the selfish pursuit of pleasure. They believe in work and are willing and anxious to do their share of it. They do not shirk the great problems of life, but meet and solve them." Back-to-School Information Calendar Summer Institute for Teachers Admission Discover RE Application Process Affording RE Visit RE Academics Curriculum Signature Programs College Counseling Holzman Center of Applied Ethics STEM Center Sundheim Humanities Center Student Life Arts Athletics Summer Programs Clubs and Activities Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Environmental Sustainability Explorer Externship Program Health and Wellness Support Giving Priorities Ways to Give Volunteer Make a Gift About About RE RE at a Glance Leadership Back-to-School Info Careers Contacts and Directions Faculty and Staff Directory RE Store Summer Institute for Teachers News and Events Alumni Back-to-School Info Directory MyCompass Search Academics College Counseling Curriculum Signature Programs RE Climate Symposium American Voices The Third Class Capstone The Everglades Experience Cooper Cultural Experience Pathways Scholars AI Innovation Fellowships Bowden Fellowships in the Humanities College Counseling Matriculation List For College Representatives Holzman Center of Applied Ethics STEM Center Sundheim Humanities Center College Counseling at RE Our College Counseling Office is staffed with 12 college counselors, including three essay-writing specialists and a coordinator of student-athlete college recruitment. We also have a dedicated office staff member who assists our students and college counseling team. This group helps ensure that all Ransom Everglades students matriculate to a college or university suited to their personalities and passions. Our College Counselors Charlotte Gould ’26 &#8220;As Ransom Everglades students, we know that it is not the diploma we are about to receive that matters. It is what we do with everything we have been given.&#8221; Lucas Jaffee ’26 &#8220;It feels impossible to match what I have gotten out of this community: lessons, memories, experiences, mentors and friendships that will last a lifetime.&#8221; College Counseling News Two graduating seniors named semifinalists in U.S. Presidential Scholars Program 6/1/2026 Beatrice Hernandez '26 and Nelson Manstein '26 advanced to the semifinalist round of the U.S. Presidential Scholars Program, meaning they remain in contention to be named U.S. Presidential Scholars by the U.S. Department of Education this summer. Only 627 graduating seniors nationwide and 25 in Florida earned a place in the semifinal round. Read More Seven RE seniors win National Merit Scholarships 5/20/2026 The National Merit Scholarship Corporation named seven Ransom Everglades seniors &#8211; Jacob Aronow &#8217;26, Gustavo Do Valle &#8217;26, Charlotte Gould &#8217;26, Max Grunwald &#8217;26, Patrick Keedy Brown &#8217;26, Constantino Pe&#241;a &#8217;26 and Virginia Seabrook &#8217;26 &#8211; National Merit Scholars and winners of the National Merit $2,500 Scholarship. Chosen from more than 15,000 finalists nationwide, the students were selected on the basis of their academic accomplishments, leadership skills and potential for success in rigorous college studies by a committee of college admissions officers and high school counselors. Read More Inside the Admissions Committee with RE students and parents 5/1/2026 The mystique surrounding college admissions committees is legendary. The behind-closed-doors deliberations are frequently described as secretive by the media. RE&#8217;s College Counseling Office had the opportunity on April 14 to draw back the curtain and shed some light on what admissions committees do during these months and months of application review. Read More Ransom Everglades Class of 2026 heading to 60 universities in 23 states and five countries 5/1/2026 Seniors at Ransom Everglades gathered on National College Decision Day to celebrate each other and the many places they are planning to matriculate next year: 60 colleges across five countries, 23 states and the District of Columbia. Students wore their college T-shirts, took photos by academic area of interest, and heard words of congratulations and encouragement from school leaders: Head of School Rachel Rodriguez, &#160;Co-Executive Directors of College Counseling Jordan Shapiro and Jason Locke and Dean of the Senior Class Mirs Meyeringh. They also enjoyed treats and snacks at the May 1 celebration at La Brisa on their last day of classes as seniors. Read More Six seniors named U.S. Presidential Scholar candidates 3/3/2026 Six students from Ransom Everglades School have been named candidates for the 2026 U.S. Presidential Scholars Program, according to a recent announcement by the U.S. Department of Education. The nominees,&#160; Alexa Duenas '26 , Oliver Duwin '26 , Beatrice Hernandez '26 , Nelson Manstein '26 , Sofia Rhone-Fernandez '26 &#160;and Minnie Zhou '26 , were selected on the basis of standardized test scores or recommendations from state education officials. The program, established in 1964 by Presidential Executive Order, is considered one of the nation's highest honors for graduating high school seniors. Read More Annual College Admission Symposium provides insights and guidance 1/13/2026 The annual College Admission Symposium at Ransom Everglades offered RE juniors and their parents an inside look at the college admission process from admission officers at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Claremont McKenna College and the University of Chicago. Parents submitted their questions in advance for the January 8 event at the Lewis Family Auditorium, and benefited from insights shared during a panel discussion moderated by Co-Executive Director of College Counseling Jordan Shapiro. Read More Sophomores and juniors enjoy Boston area college tour 12/4/2025 RE college counselors led 28 sophomores and juniors on a tour of eight colleges/universities in the Boston area in late November. The students got an up-close look at the schools' grounds and facilities, met with RE alumni attending those institutions, and learned about academic programs, campus life and admission requirements. The college tour included stops at Boston College, Amherst College, Williams College, Tufts University, Harvard University, MIT, Boston University and Northeastern University. RE College Counseling Office members Jordan Shapiro, China Hutchins, David Le and Karen Blake accompanied RE's student contingent. The trip represented one element of RE's comprehensive approach to college counseling under Co-Executive Directors Jason Locke and Jordan Shapiro. &#160; Read More RE alumni conduct mock interviews with RE seniors 10/7/2025 RE alumni turned out to support the Class of 2026 and RE's college counseling office on October 5 by conducting one-on-one mock college interviews. Nearly a dozen alumni and several parents worked with members of the RE senior class to help them develop successful interview strategies for the college interview season. The cast of volunteers included: Kayoko Tevelow (parent), Daniela Era&#241;a Andrade &#8217;98, Ashley Zohn '00,&#160; Ivana Gonzalez Speier '10, Nicole Blank Koles '01, Heidi Mason &#8217;96, Jenny Urizar '99, Bill Bailey &#8217;83, Kate Lampen-Sachar '99, Alex Bezjian '94 , David Karp (parent), Ella Rivas-Chacon '12 and Camila Medina Beeck '11 . Co-Executive Director of College Counseling Jordan Shapiro and college counselors China Hutchins and David Le expressed their gratitude to the alumni for sharing their time and expertise with RE seniors. Read More 20 Ransom Everglades students named National Merit Semifinalists 9/10/2025 Twenty Ransom Everglades were named National Merit Semifinalists in the 2026 National Merit Scholarship Program competition, a distinction that places them in the top one percent of high school seniors nationwide based on their performances on the PSAT exam. Ryan Alesandro '26, Connor Alfonso '26, Jacob Aronow '26, Matheus Dabus '26, Oliver Duwin '26, Charlotte Gould '26, Wes Griffin '26, Max Grunwald '26, Beatrice Hernandez '26, Aarav Jindal '26, Patrick Keedy Brown '26, Olivia Michelsen '26, Constantino Pena '26, Sofia Rhone-Fernandez '26, Virginia Seabrook '26, Eliana Silberwasser '26, Armin Stamate '26, Gustavo do Valle '26, Erela Yashiv '26 and Minnie Zhou '26 each earned the opportunity to compete for $2,500 National Merit Scholarships and additional awards. Read More Seniors earn recognition at annual Silver Knight ceremony 6/10/2025 Sirja J&#245;eveer &#8217;25 won a Silver Knight Award for Music and Dance, joining just 30 high school seniors in Miami-Dade County who earned the highest honors at the 67th Silver Knight Awards for academic excellence and community service on May 15. An accomplished ballet dancer, J&#245;eveer was honored by the Miami Herald/el Nuevo for combining her passions for dance and social justice. Rebecca Paresky '25 also claimed an honorable mention in the Digital and Interactive Media category. Read More 1 / 10 List of 6 items. College Admissions Symposium The annual and highly anticipated College Admissions Symposium in January offers our students and their families insights on the college process from a panel of admissions deans and directors. The event follows the release of college counselor assignments, by September 1 of the junior year, and the annual returning collegiate alumni panel featuring recent RE graduates. Standardized Testing Annually, a national expert addresses parents on Navigating Critical Changes in Admissions Testing. National expertise is the basis for the College Counseling Office endorsed test plan distributed to parents and students. All sophomores and juniors sit for the PSAT in October. RE provides test preparation options for students, including a free test prep boot camp at the end of the sophomore year. Inside the Admissions Committee RE college counselors &#8211; former admissions officers at some of the most selective institutions in the United States &#8211; host an evening conversation offering an insider's vantage point. This event leverages their decades of experience to pull back the curtain on the behind-closed-door admissions committee process. Individualized Application Strategy The spring semester of junior year is devoted to preparing students for the college application process. Through essay writing workshops, academic interest exploration, university list-building exercises, resume development, and the selection of faculty recommenders, each junior accomplishes vital foundational work alongside ongoing standardized testing. These spring activities culminate in an individualized application strategy for every RE student. Athletic Recruitment Student athletes and families looking to navigate the college athletics landscape are provided resources through the college counseling office including individual appointments with a coordinator of student-athletic recruitment. Financial Aid and Scholarships RE partners with Paul Martin, national expert and founder of College Money Method. Martin hosts five virtual meetings each year designed to introduce parents at each grade level (9-12) to college costs, financing a college education, financial aid, and scholarships. RE parents have access to a special website that includes workshop recordings and educational materials. Timeline List of 3 items. 9th and 10th Grades Beginning in the ninth grade, a series of college counseling seminars for students and coffee hour programs for parents is offered to inform families about the college search and application processes. The college counseling seminars are intended to introduce 9th- and 10th-grade students to the college counseling concepts and vocabulary that will help ease them into the formal college counseling process in 11th grade. 9th- and 10th-grade parents are encouraged to meet with a member of the college counseling team, especially for academic course planning, testing, and summer planning. Resources are available on the myCOMPASS College Counseling site and through &#8220;Class of&#8221; parent web pages. 11th Grade Individual college counseling assignments occur by September 1 of the junior year. The kickoff events, Junior Parent Night and Class Meeting, occur during the first week in September and provide juniors and their parents with an in-depth road map of the 18-month process. The junior year will include frequent meetings between college counselors and students, along with parent meetings, continued class meetings, workshops and special events for parents and students. Juniors are provided the opportunity to meet with over 100 college admissions officers during fall visits to RE and in the spring at the AIMS College Fair, where over 200 colleges gather. 12th Grade The College Counseling Office meets with rising seniors throughout the summer and hosts a kickoff senior meeting in August prior to the start of the academic year. Parents are invited to the much-anticipated Senior Parent Night where they learn about RE&#8217;s application management and individualized application strategies. Individual weekly meetings in August, September and October assist students in all aspects of the college application process including finalizing personal statements and supplemental essays, completing the Common Application and applying for financial aid and scholarships. Mock alumni interviews is a signature event held during the fall semester. Throughout September and October, RE welcomes more than 100 admissions officers to campus, allowing students to learn about colleges in an intimate setting. School Profile Matriculation List For College Representatives Middle School 2045 South Bayshore Drive, Coconut Grove, FL 33133 Phone: 305 250 6850 Upper School 3575 Main Highway, Coconut Grove, FL 33133 Phone: 305 460 8800 Accreditations and Memberships FCIS | SAIS | NAIS | NACAC | SACAC | ACCIS | College Board | CSEE | INDEX | One Schoolhouse Careers Contact Us Calendar Privacy Policy Founded in 1903, Ransom Everglades School is a coeducational, college preparatory day school for grades 6 - 12 located on two campuses in Coconut Grove, Florida. It is rated the top private school in Miami and among the 10 private schools in North America. Ransom Everglades School produces graduates who "believe that they are in the world not so much for what they can get out of it as for what they can put into it." The school provides rigorous college preparation that promotes the student's sense of identity, community, personal integrity and values for a productive and satisfying life, and prepares the student to lead and to contribute to society. Ransom Everglades School&#174;, The RE Way&#174;, RE Pathways&#174; and Bowden Fellowships in the Humanities&#8482; are trademarks of Ransom Everglades School. 
