URL: https://floridabrightfutures.gov/
ORG: Homestead Senior High - Bright Futures Scholarship
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Florida's Bright Futures Scholarship Program and tags on every page of your site. --> Bright Futures Scholarship Program More than 1 million scholars and counting Scholarship Awards How To Get Started Hear From Bright Futures Scholarship Students Keep florida’s future bright Together with the Florida Department of Education (FDOE), the Florida Lottery has helped over 1 million scholars and counting receive a postsecondary education through the Bright Futures Scholarship program. Have you thought about applying? See how Bright Futures could make your educational goals a reality. Find out more Scholarship Awards Bright Futures offers multiple scholarship options to help students reach their goals. To view the full list of requirements for each award, reference the Bright Futures Student Handbook. View Handbook FAS Florida Academic Scholarship 3.50 weighted GPA 100 volunteer service hours, 100 paid work hours, or a combination of 100 total hours Required 16 high school course credits Achieve minimum ACT ® /CLT ® /SAT ® score by August 31st of high school graduation year More About FAS FMS Florida Medallion Scholarship 3.00 weighted GPA 75 volunteer service hours, 100 paid work hours, or a combination of 100 total hours Required 16 high school course credits Achieve minimum ACT ® /CLT ® /SAT ® score by August 31st of high school graduation year More About FMS GSC Gold Seal CAPE Scholarship No GPA requirement 30&#42; volunteer service hours, 100 paid work hours, or a combination of 100 total hours 5 CAPE post-secondary credit hours No required ACT ® /CLT ® /SAT ® score &#42; 75 volunteer service hours will be required for students entering grade 9 in the 2024-2025 school year and thereafter More About GSC GSV Gold Seal Vocational Scholarship 3.00 weighted GPA in non-elective courses 3 full credits in Career and Technical Education courses 3.5 unweighted GPA in Career and Technical Education courses 30&#42; volunteer service hours, 100 paid work hours, or a combination of 100 total hours Achieve minimum ACT ® /SAT ® score or P.E.R.T. score by August 31st of high school graduation year &#42; 75 volunteer service hours will be required for students entering grade 9 in the 2024-2025 school year and thereafter More About GSV How to Get Started These 6 steps will set you on the road to qualify for a Bright Futures Scholarship Check Eligibility Create a student account Create Account Check for an email from FDOE and follow instructions to submit your Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) Complete the required coursework Earn the required GPA Complete the required number of service hours, or fulfill this requirement with 100 hours of paid work Volunteer Florida Achieve the test scores required (if any) Check your account for communication and program eligibility Hear from past bright futures See how Bright Futures Scholarships help students from all backgrounds achieve their goals of higher education. View Transcript Video Transcript I have received 100% of my tuition paid for and it has completely changed my life! Hi, my name is Lily Osborne. I am a senior at the University of South Florida, and I am majoring in Health Science with concentrations in Biological and Behavioral Science. Once I graduate with my undergrade degree, I plan on attending school to become either a physician of a physician assistant. I thankfully was able to get the Bright Futures academic scholarship, and because of that I have received 100% of my tuition paid for! I am one of the few people that I know that is going to be able to get my undergrad degree and have zero student dept. And that is such a huge thing for me to be able to say. And it makes me feel so good about myself and about my future goals! Close View Transcript Video Transcript 2 Hi! My name is Jennifer Hollander, and I’m a first-year law student at Stetson University College of Law. I graduated from the University of Florida in December of 2019, where I majored in International Studies and I minored in Spanish. Because of Bright Futures, I was able to complete my undergraduate education debt-free. I’m so grateful for Bright Futures and the Florida Lottery because this allowed me to focus on my higher education goals and not have to worry so much about finances during my undergraduate education. I would like to thank the Florida Lottery and Bright Futures for the assistance they provided to me and students across the state in making higher education goals possible. I look forward to being able to give back to the community when I become an attorney someday! Thank you! Close View Transcript Video Transcript 3 Hey there! My name is Cecil Robinson and I was a former recipient of the Bright Futures Scholarship. While attending the University of West Florida through 1028 through 2019 working to receive my Masters Degree in Strategic Communication and Leadership, I was awarded the Bright Futures Scholarship which allowed me to not only receive my degree with zero student loan, but it also allowed and took off an extreme burden both financially and mentally from my family. Through this magnificent opportunity, I was not only able to engage in multiple on campus leadership opportunities, I was also able to contribute and focus my time on internships, fellowships and overall just really ensuring that my future career was going to be solidified, while being the best individual that I could be. Close Privacy Statement Accessibility All rights reserved to Florida Dept. of Education 2022 © 
