URL: https://sites.google.com/view/coralgablesseniorhigh/college-assistance-program
ORG: Coral Gables Senior High
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Coral Gables Sr. High - College Assistance Program Search this site Embedded Files Skip to main content Skip to navigation Coral Gables Sr. High About Gables Campus Tour Academies AOF BMIT CAF&amp;DM DEH HSPL IB Teaching Academy VPA College Assistance Program Community Coral Gables Sr. High About Gables Campus Tour Academies AOF BMIT CAF&amp;DM DEH HSPL IB Teaching Academy VPA College Assistance Program Community More About Gables Campus Tour Academies AOF BMIT CAF&amp;DM DEH HSPL IB Teaching Academy VPA College Assistance Program Community COLLEGE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM WHAT IS CAP? The CAP office at Coral Gables Senior High School aims at helping and preparing students and families for the college process as early as 9 th grade. The College Assistance Program (CAP) is student centered, catering to the needs of our diverse school body. Students at Gables take part in the many programming events and opportunities that promote a college going culture at our school including the CARS program, a yearly college forum, college cafes, an annual college fair as well as an International college fair. Over 60 public and private universities visit Coral Gables Senior High for small group visits with Gables students, helping them explore college options. Additionally, we take our juniors on a yearly out of state college tour, exploring a different region of the US as well as an in-state college tour, where our students take a tour of our Florida universities. OH THE PLACES YOU&#39;LL GO... Our students are accepted to many colleges and universities throughout the country including all of the following: Cavaliers Conquer College Advanced Placement Overview The Advanced Placement Program gives high school students an opportunity to take college-level courses and exams. There are many benefits for students who participate in AP, such as studying interesting and challenging things, discovering new interests, earning credit or advanced placement in college, and getting a head start on their future college career. Why take AP courses? Challenge yourself Prepare for college level work Earn college credit or placement Stand out in the college admissions process Earn scholarships or awards Finish college earlier The AP Program offers several Scholar Awards to recognize high school students who have demonstrated college-level achievement through their performance in AP courses and exams. AP Scholar . Granted to students who receive grades of 3 or higher on three or more AP Exams. AP Scholar with Honor. Granted to students who receive an average grade of at least 3.25 on all AP Exams taken, and grades of 3 or higher on four or more of these exams. AP Scholar with Distinction. Granted to students who receive an average grade of at least 3.5 on all AP Exams taken, and grades of 3 or higher on five or more of these exams. National AP Scholar. Granted to students who receive an average grade of at least 4.0 on all AP Exams taken, and grades of 4 or higher on eight or more of these exams. Advanced Placement Courses Our AP Program is among the largest in Florida offering 25 different courses and exams: Computer Science Computer Science A Computer Science Principles Fine Arts Studio Art Portfolios (Drawing, 2-D, &amp; 3-D Design) Foreign Languages French Language Italian Language Spanish Language Spanish Literature Language Arts English Language and Composition English Literature and Composition Mathematics Calculus AB Calculus BC Statistic s Science Biology Chemistry Environmental Science Physics 1 Physics C (Mechanics) Physics C (Electricity and Magnetism) Social Studies European History Human Geography Psychology U.S. History World History Dual Enrollment Overview Dual Enrollment is a process by which high school students may earn credit simultaneously in two separate educational institutions. For example, a student may attend senior high school and college at the same time. Dual enrollment may allow students to accelerate the completion of their academic studies. Group Enrollment Students are placed in a class based on the agreement between the Miami-Dade County Public Schools and the college/university. The class may meet on either the college campus or at the student’s senior high school. The class must be taught by appropriately credentialed college or university personnel. Credits Each grouping of three college/ university credits is the equivalent of one semester of high school credit. Some colleges and/or universities limit the number of credits available for senior high school students. Tuition and Book Fees Tuition will be waived for all Dual Enrollment students. Miami-Dade County Public Schools, through the Division of Advanced Academic Programs, will provide books for all public school students participating in Dual Enrollment courses. To obtain a book voucher, students must request a voucher form from their home school. Students are responsible for the return of all textbooks issued to them. Students will be held financially responsible for any textbook(s) not returned to their high school. Dual Enrollment Courses FIU CORE CURRICULUM COURSES Communication– 6 credits Writing and Rhetoric 1 : ENC1101– 3 credits Writing and Rhetoric 2 : ENC1102– 3 credits Mathematics: 7 credits College Algebra : MAC1105– 3 credits Precalculus Algebra and Trigonometry: MAC1147– 4 credits Social Studies: 3 credits American Government : POS2041– 3 credits FIU ELECTIVES Criminal Justice: 6 credits Criminal Justice: CCJ 2020 — 3 credits Criminology: CCJ 2010—3 credits Fine Arts: 12 credits Beginning Ceramics : ART2750C— 3 credits Three Dimensional Design : ART1203C –3 credits Beginning Drawing : ART2300C– 3 credits Beginning Painting : ART2500C– 3 credits Physical Education: 3 credits Foundation of Fitness : PEM2101– 3 credits Social Studies: 3 credits Introduction to Political Theory : POT2002– 3 credits Strategies for Success: 3 credits Strategies for Success: SLS1510– 3 credits World Languages: Spanish : 6 credits Intermediate Spanish for Native Speakers : SPN2340—3 credits Advanced Spanish for Native Speakers : SPN2341–3 credits MDC COLLEGE ACCELERATION PATH Cavaliers Conquer College (C 3 ) Opportunity for acceleration culminating with a potential AA Degree thru a partnership with MDC –while concurrently completing high–school requirements. Transportation to MDC/Eduardo Padron Campus is provided. A Glimpse of What CAP Is All About In-State College Tour Out-of-State College Tour College Fair Scholarship Recipients Class of 2020 accolades Learn more about all things cap! Courtesy of CavsTV Google Sites Report abuse Page details Page updated Google Sites Report abuse 
