URL: https://www.floridastudentfinancialaidsg.org/PDF/GSV.pdf
ORG: Young Women's Preparatory Academy - Florida Bright Futures Scholars - Vocational Scholars
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Last updated: August 2025 Florida Bright Futures Scholarship Program Florida Gold Seal Vocational Scholars (GSV) 2025-26 Initial Eligibility Requirements: (As determined by the Florida Department of Education.) 1. Submit the Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) no later than August 31 after high school graduation. 2. Graduate with a standard Florida high school diploma or its equivalent. 3. Achieve the required weighted 3.0 GPA in the non-elective high school courses. 4. Completes at least three (3) full Career and Technical Education credits 5. Achieve the required minimum 3.5 unweighted GPA in Career and Technical Education credits. 6. Complete at least 30 volunteer service hours, 100 paid work hours, or a combination that equals a minimum of 100 total hours. For students entering grade 9 in the 2024-2025 school year and thereafter, 75 hours of volunteer service must be completed. 7. Achieve the required minimum scores on one of the college entrance exams per the chart below no later than August 31 of the year the student graduates from high school. Exam Type Sub-test Required Score ACT® Reading 19 English 17 Mathematics 19 SAT® (March 1, 2024, and thereafter) Critical Reading or Evidence- Based Reading and Writing 490 Mathematics 480 SAT® (Prior to March 1, 2024) Reading 24 Writing and Language 25 Math Test 24 PERT (Only applies to the GSV Scholarship) Reading 106 Writing 103 Mathematics 114 Required test scores follow those established by Rule 6A-10.0315, Florida Administrative Code. Requirements to Receive an Award: (As determined by your postsecondary institution.) 1. Be evaluated by the Office of Student Financial Assistance (OSFA) as meeting initial eligibility requirements. 2. Be a Florida resident and U.S. citizen or eligible noncitizen. 3. Enroll as a degree- or certificate-seeking student at a Florida institution in at least six (6) non-remedial semester credit hours. Scholarship Restrictions: The GSV award may only be used at postsecondary institutions that offer an applied technology diploma, technical degree education program (associate in applied science or associate in science), or a career certificate program and not toward the completion of an associate in arts or a baccalaureate degree. Renewal Requirements: (As determined by grade and hours submitted by your postsecondary institution.) 1. Students must earn the number of credit hours based on the student’s enrollment type per term. 2. Students must maintain a minimum cumulative 2.75 GPA (unrounded and unweighted). For detailed information, please refer to the Bright Futures Student Handbook. Eligibility requirements are subject to change with each legislative session. Students are responsible for tracking their application and award status online and ensuring that funding for an academic year is accurate by contacting their institution’s financial aid office. 
