URL: https://varelahighschool.net/wp-content/uploads/2025/09/Scholarship-Bulletin-September-2025-revised.pdf
ORG: Felix Varela Senior High - Scholarship Bulletin September 2025
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Name Amount Awarded Deadline Requirements College Board Big Future Scholarship If you are an eligible student, by completing a college planning step using your College Board account, you will automatically earn a chance to win a $500 scholarship and an additional chance to win a $40,000 scholarship. Monthly Must attend a public, private, or home school, located in one of the fifty (50) United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, or any other U.S. territories and possessions, or are U.S. Citizens or residents who attend a U.S. Department of Defense Education Activity (“DoDEA”) school outside of the United States and U.S. territories. Questbridge National Match Scholarship The Match Scholarship is offered as part of a generous financial aid package provided by the college that covers the cost of attendance, including:- Tuition and fees- Housing and food- Books and supplies- Travel expenses 09/26 - U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents or students, regardless of citizenship, currently attending high school in the United States.- Primarily A's in the most challenging courses available (usually including Honors, AP, and/or IB level courses).- Top 5-10% of your graduating class.- SAT or PSAT scores > 1290.- ACT composite score > 28.- Look for evidence of strong writing ability, intellectual spark, and determination through essays and teacher/counselor recommendations.- Finalists typically come from households earning less than $65,000 annually for a family of four, and often less. The Coca- Cola Scholars Program Scholarship $20,000 9/30 Applicants must be: - High school seniors with a minimum 3.0 unweighted GPA may apply. - Current high school/home-schooled students attending school in one of the 50 U.S. states. - U.S. Citizens (not Temporary Residents), U.S. Nationals, U.S. Permanent Residents, Refugees, Asylees, Cuban- Haitian Entrants, OR Humanitarian Parolees - based on the guidelines utilized by U.S. Department of Education for Federal Financial Aid eligibility - Expecting to receive high school diploma during current academic year - Planning to pursue a degree at an accredited U.S. college or university Don't Text and Drive Scholarship $1,000 09/30 - High school or college student - U.S. citizen or legal resident - Complete a 140 character message about texting and driving - 10 finalists will be asked to submit an essay Dr. Pepper Tuition Giveaway $100,000 (5)$25,000 (5)$2,500 (10) 9/30 - Students between ages 18 and 24- Applicants must submit a video essay describing how they will change the world. Home Depot Foundation Path to Pro Scholarship $2,000 9/30 Application Deadlines: Last day of March, June, September and December. - Be a high school senior, high school graduate or have a GED equivalent. - Plan to enroll, or be enrolled, in an approved trade-related program at an accredited two-year school (technical/vocational school or college) in the United States. - Not be an employee or dependent of an employee of the The Home Depot. Employees of The Home Depot and their dependents are eligible to apply for a scholarship from The Homer Fund. - Programs of Study: Carpentry, Construction Management, Electrical, HVAC, Plumbing or another building- related field.- Niche $25,000 No Essay College Scholarship $25,000 9/30 (Additional deadlines - End of March, June and December) - Open to all current seniors. - Entrants must be a legal resident of the United States. - Scholarships or prizes will be awarded directly to the winners. - Winners will be notified by e-mail and posted on https://www.niche.com/about/scholarship- winners/. Niche 2K No Essay College Scholarship (12) $2,000 09/30 - Open to all high school, college, and graduate students and those planning to enroll within 12 months. - You must be either: (1) at least eighteen (18) years of age or older (except in the case of legal residents of certain states or commonwealths where the legal age of majority is greater than eighteen (18) years of age, then such legal age of majority) at the time of entry; or (2) at least thirteen (13) years of age at the time of entry and have a parent’s or legal guardian’s consent and supervision to use Niche.com and enter this Sweepstakes. - Must currently attend, or within the next 12 months plan to enroll in, a high school or college listed on niche.com, or be the parent of a student who falls into one of those categories. - Attempts to submit incomplete or inaccurate survey responses will result in permanent disqualification from the scholarship contest and all future contests. - One (1) entry allowed per person/email address/household. A new winner will be chosen every sweepstakes period. Entries are only valid for the sweepstakes period that they are submitted. - Prizes will be awarded directly to the winners. Winners will be notified by e-mail and posted on https://www.niche.com/about/scholarship- winners/. "No Sweat" Scholarship $2,500 09/30 - Applicant must be at least 13 years old - Applicant must be a legal resident of the United States - Applicant must be currently enrolled in grade 8-12 in a school. Homeschool qualifies as well. Nat Moore Scholarship 12/31 Senior graduating from a Miami Dade high school. Demonstrate financial need. Exhibit a strong focus on community involvement and have a minimum GPA of 2.5 on a 4.0 scale. Veterans United Foundation Scholarship Up to $20,000 09/30 - The applicant is a veteran with 100% service connected disability or a surviving spouse of a deceased service member from a service-related death or a surviving child of a deceased service member from a service-related death- Currently enrolled or planning to enroll in an accredited college or university for the upcoming semester- Pursuing an associate's, bachelor's, graduate, post-graduate or doctoral degree- Comfortable with sharing personal stories and aspirations with Veterans United Foundation- Able to provide the following within three business days of application submission: deceased parent or spouse's military documents (DD214 and death certificate /or DD1300), official benefit letter showing disability rating (if applicable), full FAFSA submission, proof of enrollment from your accredited college or university, and government-issued photo ID- Able to provide Veterans United Foundation with receipts or invoices related to eligible educational costs as they are incurred in order to receive payment. Eligible costs include tuition, books, fees, school materials and some aspects of room and board as determined by Veterans United Foundation- Candidates may be required to complete a background check- Essay- FAFSA SAR- Resume 
