URL: https://varelahighschool.net/wp-content/uploads/2026/01/Scholarship-Bulletin-January-2026-1.pdf
ORG: Felix Varela Senior High - Scholarship Bulletin January 2026
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Name Amount Awarded Deadline Requirements College Board Big Future Scholarship If you are an eligible student, by completing a college planning step using your College Board account, you will automatically earn a chance to win a $500 scholarship and an additional chance to win a $40,000 scholarship. Monthly Must attend a public, private, or home school, located in one of the fifty (50) United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, or any other U.S. territories and possessions, or are U.S. Citizens or residents who attend a U.S. Department of Defense Education Activity (“DoDEA”) school outside of the United States and U.S. territories. The Miami-Dade County Fair and Exposition High School Scholarships $1,000 01/15 Miami-Dade County graduating high school seniors with a minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA and planning to attend an accredited college, university or M-DCPS certified adult/vocational school. You may only be a recipient/winner of a fair scholarship once. Miami Dade County Fair & Exposition Alternative Education Scholarships $1,000 01/15 Miami-Dade County graduating high school seniors with a minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA and planning to attend an accredited college, university or M-DCPS certified adult/vocational school. You may only be a recipient/winner of a fair scholarship once. Miami-Dade County Fair & Exposition Post Secondary Scholarships $1,000 01/15 Applicants with a high school diploma, GED, or equivalent and planning to attend an accredited college, university or M-DCPS certified adult/vocational school. You may only be a recipient/winner of a fair scholarship once. 2026 FASFEPA Vivian Scott Scholarship $2,500 01/16 - Applicant must be a High School Senior on track to graduate in May/June 2026 - Eligible under USDA guidelines or approved CEP Direct Certification for free/reduced price meals - Enrolled in a Florida public school John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Essay Contest $100-$10,000 01/17 - The contest is open to United States high school students in grades 9-12 attending public, private, parochial, or home schools. - Essays can be no more than 1,000 words but must be a minimum of 700 words. Citations and bibliography are not included in the word count. - Essays must be the original work of the student. - John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, and Edward M. Kennedy are not eligible subjects for essays. - Essays must describe an act of political courage by a U.S. elected official who served during or after 1917, the year John F. Kennedy was born. The official may have addressed an issue at the local, state, or national level. - Essays must have a minimum of five sources. - All participants must cite sources they used to research their topic throughout their essay. Please use parenthetical citations within the text. We cannot accept citations in footnote form. - Essays must include a bibliography. Accepted formats include APA, MLA, or Turabian. You must use a minimum of five selected sources. Please refer to Guidelines for Citations and Bibliographies. - For more guideline and submission information visit the website. January USC Bovard Scholars One full year of support through the admissions cycle and spend three weeks on the USC campus 01/17 - Junior in high school (11th grader) at time of application - Currently hold a 4.0 weighted GPA or above - Enrolled in Algebra II, Trigonometry or above - Demonstrate financial need - Have taken Advanced Placement/International Baccalaureate courses, if offered - Actively enrolled in a high school curriculum within the U.S. or U.S. territories The Carson Scholars Program $1,000 01/11 (Student Application) 12/18 (Educator Nomination) The Carson Scholars Program Flyer The application includes the following components: - Biographical information. - A current report card. - Details about the student’s community service/humanitarian activities. - An essay. - A recent photo of the nominee. (While we highly encourage students to include a photo at the time of application submission, it is not required.) - Recommendation letter written by a teacher. The applicant will enter the recommender’s name and email address. An email will be sent to the recommender with a link to complete the recommendation. While an application can technically be submitted without a recommendation, it will not be considered complete until the recommendation is submitted as well. Recommendations must be submitted by the deadline. Applications missing a recommendation after this time will be disqualified. If the student desires, he/she can ask up to three different teachers to complete the recommendation. The recommender(s) will be asked to address the following topics: 1. The applicant’s leadership ability and impact in the classroom/school 2. The applicant’s scholastic work ethic, motivation, and achievementsFutureSmart Scholarship Up to $5,000 01/13 (Fall Semester) and 06/09 (Spring Semester) - To enter, students must complete at least three (3) modules from either the FutureSmart or SmartEconomics programs. - Participants are also required to submit a short essay (350-500 words) addressing a question about their future and explaining how the financial knowledge gained from these modules can help them achieve their goals and dreams. AQHF Scholarship Program Varies 01/15 - Complete a single application to determine your eligibility for available scholarship funding. - Eligibility of applicants is based on the individual criteria and requirements provided for each scholarship offered. - Recipients are selected based on academic achievement, financial need and Quarter Horse involvement, as well as an applicant’s outstanding leadership and communication skills. - The grading scale for selection of each scholarship will vary dependent upon the criteria established by that scholarship's donor. - Submitted materials must include a completed application form with financial information, three reference letters or appraisal forms, and a high school or college transcript. - Students applying for a state or regional scholarship will also need to provide proof of membership in their state affiliate. Credit Worthy Scholarship Contest $1,000 01/15 (Fall Semester) and 05/06 (Spring Semester) - OneMain Financial will be awarding thirty-six students nationally with $1,000 in educational funding. - The Credit Worthy Scholarship is open to U.S. high school students between 13-19 years old who have completed Build: Credit Fundamentals or at least 3 modules of a course offered in the Credit Worthy program presented by OneMain Financial. - Students will submit a short essay about what they learned and how the Credit Worthy program by OneMain Financial has made an impact on them for a chance to win. National Washington Crossing Foundation Scholarship Award - A variety of national and regional college scholarships ranging from $500 to $5,000. The Ann Hawkes Hutton Memorial Scholarship recognizes her more than sixty years of dedicated volunteer service to Bucks County, to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and to our Nation. - Please note that students do not apply for specific scholarships; an application is automatically considered in each category for which it qualifies. Awards include honoring the late Ann Hawkes Hutton and the late Eugene C. Fish are available. - Other awards in varying amounts, regional or national, may also be available, as funding permits. 01/15 - Competition open to all high school senior who are U.S. citizens and are planning careers of service to the United States in local, state, or federal government. - Three (3) copies of a letter of a one-page essay not to exceed 300 words stating why the Applicant is planning a career in government service including any inspiration to be derived from the leadership of George Washington in his famous crossing of the Delaware. - Statement will be confined to Viewpoint, Attitude, and Purpose in career choice. Essay must be typewritten in not less than 12 point type, double-spaced, on a single page. Be sure printing equipment is in appropriate condition. Faint essays will not be read. - Three (3) copies of a letter of recommendation - Three (3) copies of the applicant’s high school transcript + scores - Three (3) copies of a resume, biography, honors, awards, activities - More application requirements can be found at https://www.gwcf.org/scholarship Bank of America Student Leaders An eight-week paid internship at a local nonprofit organization where you will learn first-hand about the needs of your community and the critical role nonprofits play. In addition, you will learn valuable civic, social and business leadership skills. Each Student Leader will attend the Student Leaders Summit held in Washington, D.C. (all-expenses paid) where you will learn how government, business and the nonprofit sector work together to address critical community needs. 01/15 - Currently be a junior or senior in high school and are working to make a difference in your school or community, we want to support you. - Be a student in good standing at your school. - Be able to participate in an 8 ‐week paid internship at a local nonprofit/charitable organization and work 35 hours a week. - Be legally authorized to work in the US without sponsorship through the end of September 2024. - Be able to participate in a week ‐long Student Leadership Summit in Washington, DC from July 21-26, 2025. - Obtain a letter of recommendation from a teacher, guidance counselor, or school administrator. Contact your recommender as soon as possible to provide them with the requirements listed at the end of the application. - Please note: Bank of America employees or members of their immediate family (e.g., children, siblings, grandchildren, nieces, nephews, etc.) are NOT eligible to apply. Miami Heat Scholarship Three (3) $10,000.00 HEAT Scholarships One (1) $10,000.00 Dr. Jack Ramsay Scholarshipp One (1) $10,000.00 Alec Kessler Student-Athlete Scholarship 01/17 - Awarded to students who have excelled in academics & community service - Demonstrate financial need - Min. unweighted GPA of 3.0 by the end of 1st semester of senior year - Applicant must submit official transcript and a copy of SAT and/or ACT score - Applicant must submit a copy of household’s W-2 form(s), 1040 form for all household members - 1 letter from High School Athletic Director or Coach on school letterhead verifying candidate’s participation in a high school sport for Kessler Student Athlete Scholarship - Other letters may be required from educators or community service supervisors Coolidge Foundation Scholarship The Coolidge Scholarship is an annually awarded, full-ride, presidential scholarship that covers a student’s tuition, room, board, and expenses for four years of undergraduate study. 01/18 - Junior year of high school, or the equivalent if home schooled, are eligible to apply - Must be citizens or legal permanent residents of the United States of America by the scholarship deadline. - Coolidge Scholarship applicants cannot be the immediate family member of any current employee or trustee of the Coolidge Scholars Program or the Calvin Coolidge Presidential Foundation. - Seeks young citizens who exhibit an interest in policy. The award is not restricted to candidates planning to pursue degrees in fields such as public policy or government. To the contrary, all academic disciplines are valued by this award. - Candidates should demonstrate an awareness of and appreciation for the values President Coolidge championed throughout his life. Some such values include: civility, enterprise, government thrift, federalism, and constitutional government. Like the president, Coolidge Scholars will engage in the pressing issues of their time. - Humility is a hallmark quality of leaders in the Coolidge tradition. Seeks young people who display a sense of service and care for the well-being of others. Must demonstrate a commitment to improving their communities in meaningful ways. Genuine service that makes a difference is valued over ambitious efforts that a young person may not be well-positioned to undertake. - This prize focuses rather on high school achievement that gives young people the potential to lead later in life. A young person who tends to work alone, but demonstrates potential to conduct breakthrough research, for example, is a strong candidate. Introverts can win this scholarship. National Sorority of Phi Delta Kappa Scholarship $6,000 1/29 - High school senior attending specific high schools in M-DCPS. See your CAP Advisor to know if your school is a participating high school. - Seeking a bachelor's degree - Studying for a degree in education - Planning to attend a 4year college or university - Female or male - Participation in community service or extracurricular activities - Demonstrate financial need FREF Scholarship for Future Florida Educators $4,000 01/20 - Seniors graduating from an accredited Florida high school (public/private) - Unweighted GPA of 3.0 or higher - Minimum test scores –SAT - 1000 or ACT – 22 - MUST attend an accredited Florida college/university (public/private) - MUST teach in Florida, following graduation. A copy of the OFFICIAL FLORIDA PROFESSIONAL TEACHING CERTIFICATE must be sent to the State FREA Office. The scholarship requires recipients to teach in the State of Florida for one year for every year the scholarship was awarded. If not, they must repay any scholarship monies received. NROTC Scholarship - Marine Option 100% College Tuition Textbook Stipend $250 - $400 Monthly Living Allowance End of January in the school year for which we are soliciting applications - U.S. Citizen - 17 years of age by Sept. 1st of the year starting college and less than 23 years of age on June 30th of that year - High school graduate or possess a GED by Aug. 1st of the same year of the anticipated entrance into the four-year NROTC Scholarship Program - Physically qualifi ed by Marine Corps standards - No moral obligations or personal convictions that will prevent conscientious bearing of arms, and supporting and defending the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic - No criminal record of military or civilian off enses - Achieve qualifying scores on the SAT or ACT - Apply for and gain admission to an approved NROTC college or program Bezos Scholars Program Year-long leadership program that amplifies youth voice and action. Engage with global leaders on an all- expenses-paid trip to the Aspen Ideas Festival. 01/21 - Attend an eligible public high school in the United States that currently has a 30% or greater overall free and reduced lunch rate. - Be a junior at the time they are applying to the program. - Be enrolled in or have taken one or more advanced course during their high school career. This includes Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), and college-level courses. - Be a U.S. citizen, permanent resident, or have received DACA status. - Be available to fully participate in the year-long program and attend all dates for the Aspen Ideas Festival trip in Aspen, Colorado, slated for June 22 - June 28, 2024. - Nominate an educator, a willing and supportive adult from their school to serve as a mentor, who will fully participate in the program and go on the trip to Aspen with them. Buffalo Soldiers Miami Motorcycle Club 2026 Barry Jennings Scholarship (2) $1,000 01/25 Applicants must be an eligible Graduating High School Senior/GED recipient who will be attending a postsecondary institution with a minimum GPA of 2.0. National Association of Buffalo Soldiers & Troopers Motorcycle Club Vocational Scholarship Program $1,000 01/25 Applicant is a graduating high school senior or GED recipient (Fall 2025 - Summer 2026), planning to attend a vocational or trade school. Minimum 2.0 GPA Orgullo de Nuestra Juventud Academic Excellence & Academic Achievement Award Up to 10 applicants will receive between $1,000 - $2,000 01/29 - High school senior and legal resident of FL - ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE requires a 3.8 unweighted GPA and significant extracurricular activities, leadership, and community service - ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT requires a 3.0 GPA and must have shown academic growth in spite of significant limitations and/or challenges in his/her personal life - Essay - 1 - 2 page biography - 2 individual wallet-sized and colored senior pictures of the nominee - Letter of recommendation - Ask your CAP Advisor for assistance. The Fidelity Scholars Program Bachelor’s degree recipients may be funded for up to four years of study. 01/30 - 2.5 - 3.5 unweighted GPA or GED - Pell eligible and/or demonstrate financial need - Attend as an incoming freshman at a 4-year accredited college or university in the state that you reside - Student applicants must come from underrepresented populations and historically underserved communities who have faced systemic barriers and challenges to economic mobility. We specifically encourage students from Black, Latino, Native American (with documented tribal affiliation) and underrepresented Asian American/Pacific Islander heritage to apply. Appily Scholarship (12) $1,000 01/31 This scholarship is open to high school sophomores, juniors, and first semester senior students for all majors and schools. We will judge this scholarship based on other criteria such as volunteer work, extracurricular activities, special circumstances, etc. Coke Florida | Refreshing Minds Scholarship The scholarship covers tuition and most fees for students to attend a Florida university, college, or vocational/technical school of their choice. 1/31 - The Coke Florida Refreshing Minds Scholarship is a partnership with the Florida Prepaid College Foundation and its Path to Prosperity Program. To apply, students must meet all the Path to Prosperity Program eligibility criteria set by the Florida Prepaid College Foundation: ​- Reside in a Path to Prosperity Program priority zip code* - Become a member or be an existing member in good standing with one of the identified community partners: Boys & Girls Clubs Florida Alliance, Big Brothers Big Sisters Association of Florida​** - Be a resident of the State of Florida, have a valid Social Security Number, have not completed the 12th grade and is under the age of 21 - Remain Drug and Crime-free In addition to meeting Path to Prosperity Program criteria, the Coke Florida Refreshing Minds Scholarship application process will require students to: ​- Currently be a high school senior residing in a Path to Prosperity priority zip code within the Coke Florida service area​ - Submit a typed essay not to exceed 250 words - Provide a letter of reference from a teacher, school official, or community member (i.e. volunteer organization, clergy member, etc.) - Provide an acceptance letter to a Florida public university, college, technical or vocational school. Students meeting all other eligibility but awaiting acceptance to a qualified Florida institution may also Hamilton Scholars - (2) $500 award + laptop - an all-expenses paid, no-cost to the student trip for Seatle Leader Week 01/31 - Be juniors in high school - Be high-achieving and service-focused - Possess grit and perseverance - Have demonstrated need - Live in the United States (though you don’t have to be a resident!) - Be college-bound to a US-based institution - Be committed to participating in our rigorous five-year curriculum - Be able to attend Year 1 Seattle Leader Week July 10-14, 2024 INSPIRE Scholarship $5,000 01/31 - U.S. Resident - Attending, or planning to attend, an accredited U.S. College or University - Related to someone who works in Talent Acquisition - A short essay question is required JJ Vance Memorial Summer Internship - A National Institutes of Health (NIH) funded, paid internship - The recipients of the internship will participate in an exciting and challenging eight-week research course at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. - Regarding travel expenses, reimbursement for a Miami-Dade Metro- rail monthly student pass (student is responsible for obtaining Miami Dade Metro Student ID card) – OR – a UM Medical Campus Monthly Parking Pass will be provided for the eight-week period. - All other transportation costs must be covered by the student. 01/31 - Must be a current junior in high school who will be a rising senior during the internship program. - Must excel in the biological and/or computational sciences. - The NIH grant requires that students must be eligible to work in the United States. Proof of eligibility is required at the interview date. More details will be provided to students who are selected as finalists. - Must be available during the first two weeks of June to attend UM employee onboarding, including a background check, drug testing, and a TB test with parental accompaniment, which requires a follow- up appointment 48 hours later. - Interns must be present and on time, Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, excluding July 4, for the duration of the 8 week internship, which will take place at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine campus, Biomedical Research Building, 1501 NW 10 Ave. Miami, Florida 33136. On the first day, they will need to arrive one hour early (at 8:00 AM). There will be no remote work or overtime hours allowed for this internship. One hour must be taken for lunch. No exceptions. - Interns and parents will be required to sign a code of conduct after acceptance into the program. - At the end of the 8-week period, interns must give a short oral presentation describing their work over the summer at a research luncheon attended by faculty, staff, local education administrators, friends, family, and fellow interns. - High School Transcript. - A maximum of two recommendation letters from high school teachers ONLY for which the student was enrolled in their class, with one from a science teacher required. - Biographical information. - Four application paragraph questions. - A one page single spaced personal statement essay. Mas Family Scholarships Annually renewable award is based on financial need. 1/31 Eligible applicants must: -Be Cuban or of direct Cuban descent -Have a minimum GPA of 3.5 -Demonstrate leadership and community involvement -Complete three recommendation forms -Show financial need. Mas Family Scholarship Flyer Material Handling Education Foundation Scholarship up to $6.000 1/31 To be eligible for the scholarship a student must: - Be enrolled in school for the entire academic year. - Plan to study: Engineering, Computer Science, Business or an Imaging related degree. National Eagle Scout Association Scholarships $50,000 1/31 - Eagle Scouts must be a member of the National Eagle Scout Association (NESA) to apply. - Eagle Scouts may apply for NESA scholarships beginning in their senior year of high school through their junior year in an undergraduate program or by the halfway point of their associate degree program or skilled trade program. - Recipients may receive a NESA scholarship one time only. - NESA scholarships are available to Eagle Scouts currently enrolled in or accepted by an accredited educational institution as a full-time student (at least 12 credit hours) in a program leading to an academic degree (including associate degrees) or a skilled trade program. - Cooke four-year scholarship awardees must be enrolled in an accredited four-year college or university as a full-time student (at least - 12 credit hours) in a program leading to a bachelor's degree. - NESA scholarships are not available to students attending any of the U.S. military academies. Princeton Prize in Race Relations $2,500 and an invitation to participate in the Princeton Prize Symposium on Race 01/31 - Be a junior in high school at the time of application. - Live in the United States and intend to attend college here. Students living and attending school abroad, including U.S. citizens, will not be considered under any circumstances. - Have a minimum unweighted grade point average of a 3.5 - Have an interest in journalism. - Meet at least one of the socioeconomic conditions below: • The combined income of your custodial parent(s)/guardian(s) plus child support payments, if any, must not exceed $60,000. • You qualify for free or reduced-price lunch in your high school. • You qualify for an SAT or ACT fee waiver. - Students complete an online application, which asks for details about academics and family finances, contact information for guidance counselors, and an unofficial high school transcript. - Students must also write two short responses and one longer article. The Professional Athletes Foundation/National Football League Players Association (PAF/NFLPA) $2,500 01/31 - Overall High School Grade Point Average of 2.0 or better; - Must be a high school senior; - Acceptance into a two-year or four-year college or university; - Nominated by high school coach; - Participated at the varsity level in athletics for at least one year; - Has not accepted a full scholarship award or grant (athletic or academic); - Is not the son or daughter of current or former NFL Player. Project SEED Scholarships Various 01/31 - Must be a Project SEED alum (participated for at least one full summer in the Project SEED program). - Must currently be a high school senior OR a college freshman. - Must plan to enroll full-time into an accredited college or university for the start of the next academic school year. - Must plan to major in a chemical-related science OR another STEM field. - Eligible chemical-related science majors include Chemistry, Biochemistry, Chemical Engineering, Environmental Engineering, Forensic Chemistry, Materials Science, Pharmaceutical Chemistry, and more. - Eligible STEM majors include (but are not limited to) Biology, Physics, Mathematics, Pre-Med programs, Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer science, and more.SAA Native American Scholarships $10,000 1/31 To be eligible for the scholarship a student must: - Be planning to enroll in archaeology or museum studies. - Be Native American, Alaska Native or Native Hawaiian. Sallie Mae Scholarship (12) $2,000 01/31 The Sallie Mae Scholarship is only open to legal residents of the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, and any US Territory age 17 or older at the time of entry, and who meet one (1) of the four (4) following eligibility requirements at the time of entry: - A parent who currently has a child enrolled in an accredited college or university located within the United States; - A student who is currently enrolled in an accredited college or university located within the United States; - A parent who currently has a child enrolled as a high school senior located within the United States; - A student who is currently enrolled as a high school junior or senior who intends to enroll in an accredited college or university located within the United States, within a year of graduating high school. Union Plus Scholarship Amounts range from $500 to $4,000. These one-time cash awards are for study beginning in the fall the year the award is made. Students may re-apply each year. 01/31 - Current and retired members of unions that participate in any Union Plus program, their spouses and their dependent children (as defined by IRS regulations) can apply for a Union Plus Scholarship. Grandchildren are not eligible unless a legal dependent (as defined by IRS regulations). At least one year of continuous union membership by the applicant, applicant's spouse or parent (if applicant is a dependent). The one year membership minimum must be satisfied by end of May. - The scholarship applies to any year of study, from the freshman year of college through the last year of graduate school, including law school and medical school. - The applicant must be accepted into a U.S. accredited post-secondary school at the time the award is issued. - A list of eligible unions is provided in a drop-down menu in the Union Information section of the scholarship application. You might also ask your local union representative or visit your local or national union’s website to check if they offer Union Plus benefits. Also, a list of eligible unions is available in the drop-down menu when you create an account on the Union Plus website. - (1) letter of recommendation. - Essays. - Union Information from member.
