URL: https://www.cfbroward.org/receive/community-foundation-administered-scholarships
ORG: Community Foundation of Broward administered scholarships
COUNTY: Broward
KIND: hub
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Community Foundation Administered Scholarships X Attention Internet Explorer Users: To enjoy the full experience, more speed and security, please use or download one of these free, up-to-date browsers below: Microsoft Edge | Mozilla Firefox | Google Chrome | Opera Software Log In Fundholders Nonprofits Board Members Donate Now About Us What We Do Board &amp; Staff Mission, Vision &amp; Values Community Leadership &amp; Impact Financial Information Careers Building Community and Opportunity Give Prospective Donors Fundholders Advisors Receive Apply for Grants Apply for Scholarships Training, Support &amp; Resources Learn Center for Nonprofit Excellence Impact Stories Events FAQs Publications News Videos Contact Us Community Foundation administered scholarships Fort Lauderdale Alumnae Panhellenic Scholarship Fort Lauderdale Alumnae Panhellenic is proud to provide scholarships that reflect the organization&#x27;s belief in the development of character through service and high academic achievement. The scholarship offers educational support for young women with strong academic track records and a desire to help others. 2026/2027 Academic Year Application Deadline: Applications due by 11:59 p.m. on April 30, 2026. CLICK HERE TO APPLY Ralph H. and Ruth Frank Gross Memorial Scholarship This scholarship Fund was established in memory of Ralph and Ruth Frank Gross to honor their belief in the importance of a good education. It seeks to help often unrecognized government employees and their families to improve their lives through education. ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS. CLICK HERE TO APPLY Mary Houliston MacDonald Scholarship for Women This scholarship was established by Mary Houliston MacDonald. Mary wanted to make it possible for women who are divorced, widowed or abandoned by their husbands to obtain the education or training opportunities necessary to be independent. ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS. CLICK HERE TO APPLY Tripp Family Fund for Educational Opportunity This scholarship established by Broward County attorney Norman Tripp and his family helps women, using education to overcome difficult personal circumstances, who are transferring from Broward College to earn their bachelor’s degree at Florida Atlantic University. APPLICATIONS CLOSED. Sign up for our newsletter to receive updates delivered to your inbox. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Please try again. This site was made possible thanks to support by: ABOUT Our Story Board &amp; Staff Financial Information Careers Board Portal ADVISORS How We Work With You Tools &amp; Resources Professional Advisors Council Endowment Calculator Trust, Estate and Annuity Calculator DONORS Donor Portal BE BOLD Leadership Campaign Fundholder Resources Community Builders Legacy Society NONPROFITS Nonprofit Portal Broward Center for Nonprofit Excellence Apply for Grants Apply for Scholarships Brand Guidelines © Copyright 2024 by Community Foundation of Broward. Privacy Policy. CONTACT US 910 East Las Olas Boulevard Suite 200 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 954.761.9503 info@cfbroward.org Special Thanks This site was made possible by support from: © Copyright 2023 by Community Foundation of Broward. Privacy Policy. 
