URL: https://gablesfoundation.org/scholarships/
ORG: Coral Gables Community Foundation scholarships
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: hub
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scholarships Program &#8211; Coral Gables Community Foundation Skip to content Donate Now Fund Holders Portal News &#038; Events Contact Us About Us Expand Mission &#038; Vision Foundation History Staff Board of Directors Frequently Asked Questions News 2025 Impact Report 2026 Giving Guide Events Expand Tour of Kitchens Annual Gala Wine Auction Grants Expand Community Grants Tristarr Lifelong Learning Fund Mosaic Art Fund Apply for a Grant Scholarships Expand Ev Clay/ PRSA Miami Chapter Endowment Fund The James Captain Memorial Summer Camp Tuition Scholarship Apply for a Scholarship Corporate Partners Ways to Give Expand Donate Now Donor Advised Funds Planned Giving Rocks of the Community The Merrick Society Get Involved Funds Expand Current Funds MENU Toggle Menu Scholarships Program Status Update: May 13, 2026 Coral Gables Community Foundation presented a record 257 scholarships awards worth $3.9 million. Awards were presented to 246 students from 84 high schools across Miami-Dade County and beyond. Made possible through 25 donor-directed scholarship funds, these awards represent an investment in the next generation and the future of our community. More details and photos here . FAIN SCHOLARSHIP If you are an employee of Royal Caribbean Group, please visit rcgfainscholarship.com JAMES CAPTAIN SUMMER CAMP TUITION SCHOLARSHIP If you are in elementary school in Gables/Grove you can apply for the James Captain Summer Camp Tuition Scholarship CAMP ARSHT SUMMER TUITION SCHOLARSHIP Applications will open here soon. CHIFLES &#8216;Beyond The Bag&#8217; Employees Scholarship Fund Applications will open in December 2026 About the Scholarships Program Coral Gables Community Foundation is honored to partner with our fundholders to administer generous scholarships as well as manage the Foundation’s own scholarship funds. The Foundation and its fundholders have proudly awarded over $6.7 million in scholarships in just the last decade. Most scholarships offered through the Foundation’s scholarship program are based on academic achievement and financial need. Scholarship awards are designated as one-year awards or renewable multi-year awards depending upon the scholarship fund criteria. Criteria is unique to each scholarship and may be found on our website. Students can prepare by reviewing descriptions online. CONTRIBUTORS The Community Foundation wishes to acknowledge the generosity of The Stamps Foundation, The Kirk Foundation, The Batchelor Foundation, the Cocoplum Woman&#8217;s Club, and two anonymous donors for helping to build the Scholarship Fund that supports the Coral Gables Community Foundation Four-Year Scholarship. Scholarships are also supported by Merrick Society members and by patrons of the Gables Gala , Wine Auction and Tour of Kitchens . Scholarships for High School Seniors The Coral Gables Community Foundation administers a portfolio of more than twenty unique scholarships offered to graduating high school students. Some are targeted to help you study Law, Medicine, Nursing, Golf, Soccer, Journalism, Leadership, Historic Preservation and more. Awards range from $1,000 to $20,000 for 2026. Scholarships for Coral Gables High Students Coral Gables Community Foundation Four-Year Scholarship Culinary Arts Scholarship Dr. Thomas E. Deal Scholarship Garcia Perseverance Scholarship Grant and Bridget Daugherty Nursing Scholarship Robert &amp; Marian Fewell Memorial Scholarships Coral Gables Bar Association Scholarship 1980 Cavaliers Boys Soccer State Championship Scholarship Fund in memory of Bruce Hayes High Achieving Scholarship Kerdyk Family Trust Music Scholarship Principal Ralph V. Moore Scholarship Julian Perez Memorial Scholarship Miami Senior High School Scholarships International Studies Preparatory Academy High (ISPA) Scholarships Scholarships for Students Anywhere in Miami-Dade County Students in public and private schools in Miami-Dade County should consider these seven.. Raymond Bravo Scholarship &#8211; for students at any MDCPS high school. Garcia Scholarship: Any public or private high school in Miami-Dade Kerdyk Family Trust Music Scholarship &#8211; Any Coral Gables Resident or student at a school in Coral Gables Students of Coral Gables Senior High OR MAST Academy at Virginia Key Public or private high school anywhere in Miami-Dade OR Jefferson County, Alabama Coral Gables Senior High; Miami Palmetto Senior High; Miami Killian Senior High; Miami Senior High; Miami Springs Senior High; Miami Jackson Senior High; Robert Morgan Technical College; George T. Baker Aviation Technical College; Law Enforcement Officers Memorial High; Miami Lakes Educational Center Scholarships for Students in Jefferson County, Alabama (Birmingham area) Invitation Only: Stamps Family Scholarships Stamps Family Scholarship Fund Invitation Only: Stamps Family Scholarships : This scholarship fund is open to selected public and private schools in Miami-Dade County. Watch for an invitation from your principal or CAP advisor. Read more . Stamps application opens on March 9, 2026. Stamps deadline is on Friday, March 20, 2026 . Which Scholarship is Right for You? Scholarships by Interest Area Law : Ervin A. Gonzalez / Coral Gables Bar Assoc. Food Service : Culinary Arts Scholarship Healthcare : Dr. Thomas E. Deal Medical Scholarship Sports : 1980 Cavaliers Boys Soccer State Championship Scholarship Fund in memory of Bruce Hayes (Soccer); Dave Ragan Jr. Memorial Scholarship (Golf); Mitchell Zuniga Scholarship (Football). Music: Kerdyk Family Trust Music Scholarship; Walter &amp; Alma Vogel Memorial Scholarship. Leadership : Shine Bright Scholarship; Rotary Foundation of Coral Gables Scholarship; Jeannett Slesnick Community Spirit Scholarship; Lady Suzanna P. Tweed Scholarship Vocational/Technical : Luke Sturgill Memorial Scholarship Communications : Jeannett Slesnick Community Spirit Scholarship Science/Technology: Walter &amp; Alma Vogel Memorial Scholarship Step By Step Before you apply, be prepared Request your high school transcript from your CAP Advisor (this is better than downloading the summary version you see at Dadeschools.net). Request a teacher, counselor, coach, mentor or supervisor, to act as a reference. You can prepare by getting their email address in advance. Put the email for the person giving the reference into your application and we will ask them to upload it. Write a &#8220;personal statement of financial need&#8221; (300 words is fine). Tell the committee in plain terms why you need financial support. How does your family get financial support? Read the requirements &#8211; some scholarships also require essays responding to a prompt. Register to create an account for yourself . Be sure to use your permanent email address (not &#8220;dadeschools.net&#8221;). APPLY for scholarships . WAIT. You&#8217;ll get word probably around mid April to late April. Other Scholarships These might be for for you, if you&#8217;re not a high school senior looking for a college tuition scholarship. Camp Arsht Theatre Scholarships CAMP ARSHT SCHOLARSHIPS invites theater-loving students between the ages of 10 and 17 to learn to act, sing and dance from South Florida-based choreographers, musicians and directors. No musical theater experience is required. The week-long program July 28 – August 1, culminates in a musical finale on the Arsht Center stage. The Tim Anagnost Fund for the Performing Arts supports scholarships for two youth, ages 10-17, based in Coral Gables/Coconut Grove. More information is here . Ev Clay PRSA Miami Scholarships Established in 1955, public relations pioneer Everett “Ev” Clay was a founding member of the Public Relations Society of America’s Miami (PRSA) chapter. In 1985, PRSA Miami Chapter established an endowed scholarship fund in Ev Clay’s memory to provide assistance to promising South Florida public relations students who demonstrate academic performance, aptitude and financial need. The Community Foundation is honored to administer the Ev Clay Endowed Scholarship. More information is here . James Captain Memorial Camp Scholarship This is a scholarship intended for young kids to go to SUMMER CAMP. The James Captain Memorial Scholarship provides summer camp tuition scholarships to in-need children from Coral Gables and Coconut Grove. Founded by Coral Gables resident Tim Anagnost in loving memory of his brother and role model, James Captain, this scholarship fund was established at the Coral Gables Community Foundation in 2018. Applicants should be honored for consideration of this award. Mr. Anagnost feels that all children can benefit from a camp experience, especially those who may otherwise be unable to attend due to financial constraints or family situations. More information is here . Chifles® Beyond The Bag Employee Scholarship Apply now Chifles ® Beyond the Bag Scholarship : Provides educational and tuition assistance to children or minor dependents of employees of Plantain Products Company (Chifles ® ). Established in 2024 by the Rivas Family, this scholarship honors the hard-working men and women at Chifles. The award aims to remove barriers and create new opportunities, helping students reach their full potential both in the classroom and beyond. More information is here . Applications are open now , and the deadline is January 2, 2026 . Beca Chifles® Beyond the Bag: Brinda asistencia educativa y de matrícula a hijos o dependientes menores de los empleados de Plantain Products Company (Chifles®). Establecida en 2024 por la familia Rivas, esta beca honra a los hombres y mujeres que trabajan duro en Chifles. El premio tiene como objetivo eliminar barreras y crear nuevas oportunidades, ayudando a los estudiantes a alcanzar su máximo potencial tanto en el aula como fuera de ella. Valor: Hasta $25,000 para gastos de matrícula y educación. Mas informacion aqui . Rules for All Applicants from All Funds Applicants must- Be living in the United States, Puerto Rico, Guam or Canada Be graduating high school seniors (U.S., Puerto Rico and Guam), graduating from grade 12 or graduating from home school education in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Guam or Canada Plan to enroll full-time , without interruption, for the entire 2024-25 academic year at an accredited four-year college, university or vocational-technical school in the United States. After an award is made, for any multi year scholarship the student must submit their college transcript (unofficial is OK) at the end of each year to trigger the release of a payment for the second year. Student must be passing all classes that they attempted, and they must have a 3.0 GPA or better (Some scholarships include stricter standards for renewal). In some cases the student will be paid directly. The Foundation will put conditions on this payment, and the student must provide information that will be shared with the US IRS. The student agrees to consult a tax professional to understand the implications. We do not provide tax advice. Scholarship Renewal Reporting Form Award year 2017-2022 If you received a multi-year scholarship you can use this form to update your status with the Foundation. Your student ID must match the one on file or we won’t process this. And this is only for scholarships awarded in 2022 or earlier. 2020-2022 Scholarship Renewal on Hubspot Award year 2023-2026 If you received a multi-year scholarship in the year 2023 or later, please login with the link below to find your assigned “Follow Up” task, with which you can renew your scholarship. This is for scholars who already received an award. 2023-2026 Scholarship Renewal on GrantInterface Scholarship Scholarships Program Scholarships for High School Seniors Coral Gables Community Foundation Four-Year Scholarship Raymond Bravo Scholarship The CGCF Culinary Arts Scholarship The Grant and Bridget Daugherty Nursing Scholarship The Dr. Thomas E. Deal Scholarship The Erickson Zoellers Engineering Scholarship The Robert &amp; Marian Fewell Memorial Scholarship The Garcia Perseverance Scholarship The Coral Gables Bar Association Scholarship in Memory of Ervin A. Gonzalez 1980 Cavaliers Boys Soccer State Championship Scholarship in Memory of Team Captain Bruce Hayes High-Achieving Four-Year Scholarship The Kerdyk Family Trust Music Scholarship Endowment Fund The Principal Ralph V. Moore Jr. Scholarship The Julian Perez Memorial Scholarship Endowment Fund The Dave Ragan Jr. Memorial Scholarship The Rotary Foundation of Coral Gables Scholarship Fund The Shine Bright Scholarship The Jeannett Slesnick Community Spirit Scholarship Stamps Family Scholarship Fund The Luke Sturgill Memorial Scholarship The Lady Suzanna P. Tweed Scholarship The Walter &#038; Alma Vogel Memorial Scholarship The Mitchell Zuñiga Football Scholarship Scholarship Program: History of Awards Scholarship Program: Frequently Asked Questions Youth Scholarships The James Captain Memorial Summer Camp Tuition Scholarship Camp Arsht Scholarships Employee Scholarships RCG Fain Scholarship &#8216;Beyond the Bag&#8217; Scholarship for Chifles® Employee Families Scholarships for Other Students Ev Clay/ PRSA Miami Chapter Endowment Fund Scholarship Program &#8211; Major Donors News About Funds Contact Us About Coral Gables Community Foundation The Coral Gables Community Foundation is a nonprofit §501(c)(3) organization. EIN: 65-0208290 Physical Address: 288 Aragon Avenue, Suite D, Coral Gables, FL 33134-5049 Postal Address: 1825 Ponce de Leon Blvd., Box 447, Coral Gables FL 33134 Instagram: @gablesfoundation Telephone 305.446.9670 | Fax 305.446.3773 | Web: info@gablesfoundation.org GUIDESTAR RATED Join our email list for occasional updates: SUBSCRIBE HERE &copy; 2026 Coral Gables Community Foundation About Us Toggle child menu Expand Mission &#038; Vision Foundation History Staff Board of Directors Frequently Asked Questions News 2025 Impact Report 2026 Giving Guide Events Toggle child menu Expand Tour of Kitchens Annual Gala Wine Auction Grants Toggle child menu Expand Community Grants Tristarr Lifelong Learning Fund Mosaic Art Fund Apply for a Grant Scholarships Toggle child menu Expand Ev Clay/ PRSA Miami Chapter Endowment Fund The James Captain Memorial Summer Camp Tuition Scholarship Apply for a Scholarship Corporate Partners Ways to Give Toggle child menu Expand Donate Now Donor Advised Funds Planned Giving Rocks of the Community The Merrick Society Get Involved Funds Toggle child menu Expand Current Funds 
