URL: https://www.aweinc.org
ORG: Alliance Of Women Executives Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Home - Alliance of Women Executives Skip to content Register Now! 2026 Annual Scholarship Award Dinner About Our Team FAQ Testimonials Donors Events Scholarship Scholarship Empowering The Next Generation Investing in the Future Inspiring individuals to connect, uplift one another, and create lasting impact by empowering the next generation of young women in Palm Beach County through scholarships and reliable technology. Building Bright Futures, One Scholarship at a Time Fuel Her Future Each academic scholarship of $1500 is funded by donations from individuals, businesses and foundations. DONATE NOW Take the Next Step AWE awards scholarships to young women graduating from Palm Beach County high schools who attend select local colleges. Apply for a Scholarship Lead with Purpose Connect with people in a meaningful way while making an impact on future generations of young women. Become a Member AWE provides a platform to bring individuals together, united in sharing knowledge and experiences, while at the same time giving back to young women in Palm Beach County through academic scholarships. AWE is a member based 501(c)(3) founded in 2016. Learn More Our Impact 0 scholarships awarded to date 0 high schools represented 0 first-generation college students Get Involved Her Story, Our Mission In Her Own Words My name is Jocelyn &#8211; I am a senior at John I Leonard High School and will attend Palm Beach Atlantic University to major in Elementary Education. During my four years of high school I challenged myself by enrolling in AP and AICE college level classes to prepare me for college. read More Conversations that Create Community AWE Networking Lunch Each month AWE members come together to connect, exchange experiences, and develop professional relationships. Join us for lunch and enjoy meaningful conversation in a welcoming community. Learn More Why We Give: Christina Joseph 2024 Scholarship Recipient - Winner First 2 Year AWE Scholarship Reflecting on my first semester at college I can say it was both challenging and transformative and I am proud to have finished with a strong academic result. Living on the FAU campus was a huge step toward independence for me, the connections and experiences I’ve gained are life changing. I’ve been blessed with amazing roommates who I now see as lifelong friends. I am proud to be a 1st generation college student. In high school I was nervous because of not having help at home with my academic life and parents who did not finish their education. FAU has truly made me feel like I have a family here who will pave the way to helping me succeed. This opportunity was made possible by the AWE scholarship. Ted &amp; Jessica Babbitt AWE Supporters for 5+ Years My wife and I were looking for a way to give back by sponsoring young people in a way that would change their lives. Doing that ourselves and finding worthy recipients was challenging so we looked for help from Florida’s Children First, an organization I helped found. They introduced us to AWE which does exactly what we wanted to do in an efficient and effective manner. Since becoming donors we have been delighted to read the stories of the effect AWE has had on the lives of so many. It is an effective and efficient organization which deserves its excellent reputation. Help Us Build the Next Generation of Women Leaders Whether you&#8217;re looking to give, join, or support in other ways, there&#8217;s a place for you at AWE. DONATE NOW Apply for a Scholarship Become a Member Partnering for Impact Our work is made possible thanks to the generous support of corporate sponsors, foundations and individuals who believe in the power of education to change lives. Together, we’re opening doors for the next generation of women leaders. Become a Sponsor Follow Us LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Quick Links Events Scholarship Become a Member Events Scholarship 2025 Alliance of Women Executives, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) Scholarship
