URL: https://www.browardcollegefoundation.org/how-to-give/establish-a-named-scholarship/
ORG: Broward College Foundation Inc - Establish a Named Scholarship
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Establish a Named Scholarship | Broward College Office of Advancement and Broward College Foundation Establish a Named Scholarship &#038; Scholarship Scholarship &#038; Scholarship Scholarship Create a Named Scholarship in the name of a loved one, as a legacy or as an annual tradition. Create a Named Yanelle's STORY Each year, Broward College awards more than $2 million in student scholarships that have been funded through the generosity of many benefactors. These dollars allow the college to recruit and retain students. Establishing a named annual scholarship that will have an almost immediate impact on students requires a gift of $2,500 or more, payable at once or over a period of 12 months. Donors may designate whether their scholarship will be awarded based on academic merit and/or financial need. Additionally, a program of study may be specified. Scholarship criteria are intended to expedite those opportunities and the impact of each donor’s generosity; they must reflect the interests of the Broward College student body and not the private interests of the donor. For more information, download and review our Charitable Gift Acceptance Policies . To establish a named annual scholarship, call 954-201-7414 to schedule an appointment with one of our Major Gifts Officers. OTHER WAYS To GIVE Scholarship Gift Planned Giving Faculty &amp; Staff Giving Monthly Giving Matching Gifts Tribute Gifts MAKE MY ONLINE DONATION Close Interested in establishing a named scholarship? Fill out the form below and one of our Major Gifts Officers will be in touch! &#038; Friends Foundation Events Documents Contact Us Broward College Foundation 111 East Las Olas Blvd, 11th Floor Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 Phone: 954-201-7414 Fax: 954-201-7333 foundation@broward.edu &copy; 2026
