URL: https://www.carrollton.org/admissions/financial-aid
ORG: Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart - Financial Aid
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial Aid 2024-2029 Strategic Plan Fall 2024 Updates Strategic Plan Spring 2025 Updates Strategic Plan Fall 2025 Updates Strategic Plan Spring 2026 Tuition PK3 through 2nd Grade Rising Grades 3rd through 8th Award Award 2024-2029 Tuition Award Award 2024-2029 Tuition Award Award Ways to Get Involved Alumnae Giving Home &gt; Admissions &gt; Financial Aid 2024-2029 Strategic Plan Fall 2024 Updates Strategic Plan Spring 2025 Updates Strategic Plan Fall 2025 Updates Strategic Plan Spring 2026 Tuition PK3 through 2nd Grade Rising Grades 3rd through 8th Award Award Ways to Get Involved Alumnae Giving Financial Aid Carrollton is committed to access, diversity, and a belief that schools should distribute financial aid funds based upon demonstrated financial need. A portion of the school&rsquo;s budget is allocated by the Board of Trustees for tuition grants to students who contribute academic strength and/or ethnic, religious or financial diversity to the school community and who would not otherwise be able to attend. It is important to realize that financial need is defined as the difference between your family&rsquo;s resources and your child&rsquo;s total educational expenses. The amount of aid offered to each family depends on the amount of money available and individual family circumstances. The amount of aid offered may vary somewhat from student to student, depending on the different types of assistance available. Carrollton&#39;s Financial Aid Program is need based. We expect the family to make every effort to provide as much of the cost of the education as is possible. Financial Aid Procedures Carrollton&rsquo;s Financial Aid Committee will consider an applicant&rsquo;s file once all of the required documentation has been submitted. In addition, parents must adhere to the corresponding deadlines listed below. Required information and forms not received by the due dates may result in the disqualification of your financial aid application for the coming school year. Checklist and Deadlines December 1, 2026 December 1, 2026 *Prospective families (Applicants for the 27-28) - The deadline to apply for Financial Aid is January 10, 2027. All of these documents should be submitted to SSS. Required: Online Financial Aid Application to Student &amp; School Services (SSS) Please see application access via the SSS financial application above. (For custodial and non-custodial parents) Carrollton Partner Code: 2136 Apply Now Household members&#39; taxes and W-2/1099 forms for 2026 Within your application and in partnership with TaxStatus, you will provide consent for your IRS tax data to be directly sent to your financial aid application, eliminating the need to manually upload your tax documents like 1040s and W-2s. Please follow the easy steps after submitting your application, you will see a new step to share your tax information from the IRS. Family Guide to submitting Taxes directly from the IRS Documents that establish the amount of miscellaneous monthly or yearly income you currently receive (i.e., welfare, food stamps, unemployment, workers&#39; compensation, etc.) Process If all documents are submitted on time, newly accepted families can expect to know the outcome of their application by the first week of March so that they may make an informed decision prior to enrollment. Renewing financial aid applicants can expect a decision during re-enrollment at the end of January. Please contact the Financial Aid Office if you have questions. All information provided related to the parents&#39; financial circumstances will be treated confidentially. This information will only be used to make a fair determination of financial need. Financial Aid Inquiry Form Current Students : Submit this form to the Financial Aid Office by November 15, 2026 Prospective Students : Submit this form to the Financial Aid Office by January 10, 2027 Special Notes: All Financial Aid recipients will be asked to pay a $300​ ​deposit​ ​at​ ​the​ ​time​ ​of enrollment​ instead of the standard $2500 deposit. Please plan ahead for this so that you can meet all necessary deadlines. Please be aware that the Financial Aid Committee may request an interview​ if it has unresolved questions about your financial information or feels that a discussion would be helpful to the Financial Aid process. ALL​ ​Required​ ​tax​ ​documentations​ ​mentioned​ ​above​ ​must​ ​be​ ​submitted to​ ​SSS​ ​directly. Please DO​ ​NOT​ send any documentation to Carrollton&rsquo;s Financial Aid Office. Please download the application workbook below so that you may gather all necessary information prior to applying online. Click below for the workbook in English or in Spanish: SSS Family Application Workbook SSS Family Application Workbook - Spanish SSS How-to-Apply Flyer SSS How-to-Apply Flyer - Spanish Family Guide to submitting Taxes directly from the IRS Apply Now: SSS You may contact SSS for assistance in completing the application and the status. SSS does not have award information. SSS Parent Support Center: Assistance is available in English and Spanish at 800.344.8328 or sssandtadsfa@communitybrands.com. Phone support is available 9:00 am to 7:00 pm EST Monday-Friday. If you have questions about Carrollton&rsquo;s Financial Aid process, please contact our office. Carrollton​ ​School​ ​of​ ​the​ ​Sacred​ ​Heart Financial​ ​Aid​ ​Office 3747​ ​Main​ ​Highway Miami,​ ​FL​ ​33133 Phone:​ ​305.446.5673​ ​ext.​ ​1243 financialaid@carrollton.org To Top Address Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart 3747 Main Highway Miami , FL 33133 305.446.5673
