URL: https://www.columbushs.com/admission/scholarships
ORG: Christopher Columbus High School - Scholarships
COUNTY: 
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Scholarships 2026 Tuition Scholarships Awards 2026 Eligibility &amp; Forms NCAA | NAIA Requirements Tuition Scholarships Awards 2026 Eligibility &amp; Forms NCAA | NAIA Requirements 2026 Tuition Scholarships Home &gt; ADMISSIONS &gt; Scholarships Scholarships Need-Based Financial Aid In an effort to reduce the financial burden families face in paying for high-quality, private education, Christopher Columbus High School supports various scholarship programs for which your son may qualify. All families applying for financial aid must apply for the Florida Tax Credit Scholarship prior to being considered for school financial aid . Florida Tax Credit Scholarship (FTC) Family Empowerment Scholarship - Unique Abilities (FES-UA) Family Empowerment Scholarship - Educational Options (FES-EO) Florida Tax Credit Scholarship (FTC) Step Up For Students is a state-approved, nonprofit scholarship funding organization that helps administer scholarships for Florida schoolchildren. For STEP UP FOR STUDENTS Family Empowerment Scholarship - Unique Abilities (FES-UA) Christopher Columbus High School also accepts students on the Family Empowerment Scholarship &ndash; Unique Abilities. A program that helps parents individualize the educational plans for their children with certain special needs. Acceptance is contingent on their performance in 8th grade, the Columbus Entrance Exam and possibly an interview process. The scholarship is different from other state scholarships in that it allows parents to personalize the education of their children with special needs by directing funds toward a combination of programs and approved providers. These include schools, therapists, specialists, curriculum, technology- even a college savings account. For more information, including eligibility and scholarship ranges visit Florida School Choice . Family Empowerment Scholarship - Educational Options (FES-EO) The application for the private school scholarship or the transportation scholarship through the Florida Tax Credit (FTC) and Family Empowerment Scholarship for Educational Options (FES-EO) programs are the same. SUFS will let you know if you qualify and, if so, for which one. Some students are eligible regardless of income. This includes: dependents of a member of the US Armed Forces (including Army, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, Marine Corps, Space Force and reservists) dependents of a law enforcement officer children who are in foster care or out-of-home care children who are homeless siblings of students using the Family Empowerment Scholarship for Students with Unique Abilities &ndash; FES-UA ​​​​​​​ For more information, visit Family Empowerment Scholarships . Contact Us 3000 SW 87 Avenue Miami FL 33165 (305) 223-5650 2024
