URL: https://www.columbushs.com/college-counseling
ORG: Christopher Columbus High School
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHOOL &amp; COLLEGE COUNSELING 2026 Tuition Scholarships Awards 2026 Eligibility &amp; Forms NCAA | NAIA Requirements Tuition Scholarships Awards 2026 Eligibility &amp; Forms NCAA | NAIA Requirements 2026 College &amp; Career Services 2026 College Fair No-Cost Test Prep Home &gt; SCHOOL &amp; COLLEGE COUNSELING SCHOOL &amp; COLLEGE COUNSELING Helping Explorers Prepare for the Next Step Counseling Services at Christopher Columbus High School include the School Counseling and College & Career Guidance departments. Together, they play a vital role in helping Explorers grow, thrive, and reach their full potential. The School Counseling Department at Christopher Columbus High School supports the school&rsquo;s mission to make Jesus Christ known and loved by fostering the academic, social, emotional, and spiritual growth of each student. Grounded in Catholic values and the Marist tradition, School Counselors are committed to helping students realize their full potential. School Counselors work closely with students through each stage of their high school journey, offering support in academic planning, emotional development, and college and career exploration. Services include individual counseling, group sessions, and family meetings in collaboration with teachers and staff. With a holistic and student-centered approach, the Counseling Department empowers our young men to develop character, resilience, and purpose as they prepare for success beyond Columbus. The Pat Call &amp; Irene Culmo Center for College &amp; Career Guidance at Christopher Columbus High School is comprehensive and student-centered. Choosing one&#39;s college is not a singular event but rather the culmination of a process of reflection and self-exploration. As such, our mission is to educate, empower, and support our students and families throughout the college search and admissions process. We are committed to serving as a resource to our students and families in their journey to achieve their post-secondary goals. Over the course of their Christopher Columbus careers, students and their families receive information through grade-specific communications and comprehensive programming including college nights, college fair, college representative visits, a college application bootcamp, financial aid presentations, and workshops designed to maximize the student&rsquo;s Columbus experience. Important Links Transcript Request (For Alumni Only) 2025-26 School Profile MaiaLearning College &amp; Career Counselors Mrs. Iris Martinez Director of Counseling Services Work: ext. 2280 Mrs. Heather de la Osa College Counselor/NCAA Coordinator Work: ext. 2504 Mrs. Stephanie Echazabal College Counselor Work: ext. 2516 School Counselors Mr. Daniel Areces 2016 Senior Year Counselor (A-Z)/ Cross Country and Track &amp; Field Head Coach School: ext. 2288 Br. Ben Consigli Junior Year Counselor (L-Z) Work: ext. 2239 Mrs. Lillian Dubon Freshmen Year Counselor (A-K) Work: ext. 2261 Dr. Diana Gonzalez-Eastep Junior Year Counselor (A-K) Work: ext. 2246 Mr. Jacob Grant Freshmen Year Counselor (L-Z) Work: ext. 2609 Mr. Jason Hill 2003 Sophmore Year Counselor (A-K) School: ext. 2245 Mrs. Mary Jesurun Sophmore Year Counselor (L-Z) Work: ext. 2269 Mrs. Iris Martinez Director of Counseling Services Work: ext. 2280 Contact Us 3000 SW 87 Avenue Miami FL 33165 (305) 223-5650 2024
