URL: https://www.jlbr.org
ORG: Junior League Of Boca Raton Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.jlbr.org/wp-content/uploads/JLBR-2024-VIDEO-ONE-MIN-1.mp4 1971 Society The 1971 Society honors the founding year of the Junior League of Boca Raton and celebrates those whose generosity helps advance our mission. As a member of the 1971 Society, your support directly strengthens the Junior League of Boca Raton’s ability to improve our community by funding programs and initiatives that positively impact children, support local nonprofits, and empower women in our community. We invite JLBR members, friends, and supporters to join the 1971 Society Annual Campaign as a new or renewing donor. The donors of the 1971 Society are recognized as the Presenting Sponsors of the Annual Woman Volunteer of the Year (WVOY) Award Luncheon. Click Here to Join or Renew Our Mission The Junior League of Boca Raton is an organization of women whose mission is to advance women’s leadership for meaningful community impact through volunteer action, collaboration, and training. The Junior League of Boca Raton currently focuses on two community issues, Child Welfare and Nonprofit Support. Who We Are What We Do Our History Join JLBR Our Impact 550 Members 1,000+ Volunteer Hours 200+ Nonprofits supported President's Note Leadership In the Community Child Rescue Coalition Blankets & Bear Hugs Members assembled care packages that you will be donated to law enforcement officers to carry in their patrol cars – providing an essential piece of comfort to children upon rescue. Spirit of Giving Back to School Bash Many of our league members dedicated their time on Saturday, July 22nd to support Spirit of Giving's Back to School Bash. JLBR collected, sorted, and distributed feminine hygiene products! Literacy Coalition of Palm Beach County Read with Me Program Junior League of Boca Raton members participated in the Read With Me! program, sharing the joy of reading with kindergarten students at Hammock Pointe Elementary and Pine Grove Elementary. Marine Education Initative The JLBR donates their time to Marine Education Initiative to collect food for Boca Helping Hands. Using the power of aquaponics, MEI produces fresh vegetables to sustainably fight food insecurity. In the News The Boca Raton Tribune - Junior League of Boca Raton Announces Appointment of New President, Board of Directors Click for Article The Palm Beach Post - Junior League of Boca Raton Asks Community for Help During Period Poverty Awareness Week Click for Article The Boca Raton Tribune - Junior League of Boca Raton Honored Title 1 Teachers Click for Article Check Out Our Coverage Upcoming Events Sorry, but there are no upcoming events at this time. Join Do you want to make a difference in your community and meet other dynamic and diverse women? Then we invite you to consider the Junior League of Boca Raton! FIND OUT HOW Give Thank you for considering the Junior League of Boca Raton (JLBR) for your charitable contribution. Give Today Contact Junior League of Boca Raton 261 NW 13th Street, Boca Raton, FL 33432 561-620-2553 E-Mail: info@jlbr.org Contact Us Copyright &copy; 2015, 2026 2026-2027 2025-2026 Annual Award 1971
