URL: https://tofflertrust.org
ORG: Karen Toffler Charitable Trust
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Advancing Medical Research | Karen Toffler Charitable Trust Skip to content About Impact Trust Fact Sheet 2025 Annual Report Financial Information THE TOFFLER LEGACY Toffler Scholar Program Schools American University Boston University Columbia Florida State University Harvard Howard University Johns Hopkins Northeastern University Northwestern Temple University UCLA UC Santa Barbara University of Florida Scholars Exeloop Sessions Grants BLOG PODCAST Contact About Impact Trust Fact Sheet 2025 Annual Report Financial Information THE TOFFLER LEGACY Toffler Scholar Program Schools American University Boston University Columbia Florida State University Harvard Howard University Johns Hopkins Northeastern University Northwestern Temple University UCLA UC Santa Barbara University of Florida Scholars Exeloop Sessions Grants BLOG PODCAST Contact Advancing Neurological Medical Research Supporting early-stage research with a future-focused framework Apply For Funding Advancing Neurological Medical Research Supporting early-stage research with a future-focused framework Apply For Funding Honoring the Toffler Legacy Learn more about our mission to revolutionize medicine and technology by funding early-stage research. Rewriting the Future The Karen Toffler Charitable Trust is a 501c-3 nonprofit organization working to create solutions to some of humanity’s most intractable challenges. We operate at the nexus between medical scientists, innovative researchers, and visionary donors. Together, we’re bringing transformative medical research, education, and technology to rid the world of neurological diseases. These are the breakthroughs that promise longer, healthier, happier lives to people with debilitating conditions. Know More Rewriting the Future The Karen Toffler Charitable Trust is a 501c-3 nonprofit organization working to create solutions to some of humanity’s most intractable challenges. We operate at the nexus between medical scientists, innovative researchers, and visionary donors. Together, we’re bringing transformative medical research, education, and technology to rid the world of neurological diseases. These are the breakthroughs that promise longer, healthier, happier lives to people with debilitating conditions. Know More Challenging Expectations We support innovative, entrepreneurial medical researchers who are taking on some of humanity’s toughest and most important challenges. Many of these underfunded individuals are working at the bleeding-edge of science with a view of the future and the knowledge to create real, impactful solutions. By providing vital early-stage network and funding support, the Karen Toffler Charitable Trust is partnering with other funders to fill in the resources they need to create a better future through science. Connecting Ideas Working together, the Trust and our partner scientists, researchers, and donors are creating new ways of thinking and problem-solving. We’re solving problems today and creating future impact in the medical field by connecting ideas in new ways and forging strategic links between those in need and those with the capacity to provide the answers. Embracing Risk We push toward the future by embracing new approaches and early-stage research. While other organizations shy away from moonshots, we embrace them, recognizing that high-risk ideas often have the highest impact when they succeed. “The future is fluid, not frozen. It is constructed by our shifting and changing daily decisions, and each event influences all others.” - Alvin Toffler, The Third Wave The Tofflers Championing a Better Future The Karen Toffler Charitable Trust was born out of a love of family and a dedication to humanity. The work we do honors the legacy of our founders, Alvin and Heidi Toffler, and their daughter Karen. Our efforts are grounded in the same spirit that motivated their work and their writings about learning, technology, thinking, and change. It is with that dedication that we work to empower those who challenge conventional thinking and strive to create a healthier future. About the Trust Leaning Into the Future and Working with Passion 8 Years of Neurological Medical Research 113 Initiatives Funded 13 Universities Supported See the Impact See a Bigger Picture Passion and promise fuel our work, the work of those we fund and support, and the people in their lives. Your involvement will change humanity for the better. Join Us About The Karen Toffler Charitable Trust is a 501c-3 nonprofit organization that funds early-stage medical research, education, and technology. Quick Links About Apply For Funding Focus Grants &amp; Investments Impact Contact Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter to stay up-to-date on medical breakthroughs, industry events, and early-stage research supported by the Trust. Name Please enter your name. Email Address Please enter a valid email address. JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER Thanks for subscribing! Please check your email for further instructions. Something went wrong. Please check your entries and try again. SUBSCRIBE NOW 𝕏 --> Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
