URL: https://matanyashope.org
ORG: Matanyas Hope
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Make Change Happen - Matanya&#039;s Hope About Sponsorships Programs Mission Trips Blog Gallery Contact Us Menu About Sponsorships Programs Mission Trips Blog Gallery Contact Us Donate Make Change Happen You can make a Make Change Happen. LEARN MORE Your Help Is Needed We can fight poverty through education. LEARN MORE We are Matanya's Hope Matanya’s Hope is a non-profit organization that provides life-sustaining opportunities to children in their fight against poverty. We focus on the children of Kenya – where we provide educational and community empowerment in this East African region. About Us 0 Children Sponsored 0 Children Fed Daily 0 Rainwater Tanks Volunteering... I went on a voluntourism trip and I will never forget it. It was so rewarding to see how I can affect change in the poorest communities in Kenya. - Jenny D. Learn More Sponsoring... Sponsoring a child brings warmth to my heart. I learned about each child’s unique story and I wanted to sponsor right away. I am grateful that this program exists. - Jason M. Learn More Supporting... This program really puts you in the shoes of the child and the less fortunate. I was so happy to help build a home for a Kenyan family of 6—and the smiles on their face were priceless. - Thomas D. Learn More Build a House Learn more about how you can be a part of building a safe home for a Kenyan family. View Our Programs Porridge Program Our program focuses on restoring daily nutrition back to hungry children. View Our Programs Rainwater Tanks Save lives by purchasing a Rainwater Storage Tank ro provide clean water. View Our Programs On Mission Aid impoverished children while taking in the region’s culture and natural landscape in beautiful Kenya. View Our Programs Volunteers We are proud to have volunteers of all ages. Learn more about students’ experiences while volunteering to serve. View Our Programs Internships We offer students the opportunity of a lifetime by changing the lives of impoverished youths. View Our Programs Sponsor a Child Today You can make a difference LEARN MORE Sponsor a Child Today You can make a difference LEARN MORE Sign Up For Our Newsletter Subscribe Matanya’s Hope is a non-profit organization dedicated to educating and empowering communities to win the fight against poverty. Contact Us 709-822-HOPE PO Box 562 Homewood, IL 60430 [email&#160;protected] Your Support Matters! About Sponsorships Programs Mission Trips Blog Gallery Contact Us
