URL: https://www.nchcf.org
ORG: Nicklaus Childrens Health Care Foundation
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Nicklaus Children&#039;s Health Care Foundation --> --> Donate Now About The Story of the Foundation Timeline Nicklaus Children’s Hospital Jupiter Medical Center Nicklaus Children’s Health Care Foundation of Canada Major Champions Club Board of Directors Our Team Latest News Latest News FORE The Children Magazine Events All Events Fish N’ Chip Fore Love Tournament Golden Heart Luncheon The Jake Lost Tree Pro-Member Ways To Give All Ways to Give Jack and Barbara Nicklaus Children’s Legacy Fund Golden Cub Ambassador Club Give a Bear. Get a Bear. Well Done! Cookbook Contact Donate Now About The Story of the Foundation Timeline Nicklaus Children’s Hospital Jupiter Medical Center Nicklaus Children’s Health Care Foundation of Canada Major Champions Club Board of Directors Our Team Latest News Latest News FORE The Children Magazine Events All Events Fish N’ Chip Fore Love Tournament Golden Heart Luncheon The Jake Lost Tree Pro-Member Ways To Give All Ways to Give Jack and Barbara Nicklaus Children’s Legacy Fund Golden Cub Ambassador Club Give a Bear. Get a Bear. Well Done! Cookbook Contact Donate Now Back to Top Our Mission To advance and enhance health care for children locally and globally. Fore The Children Jack and Barbara Nicklaus founded the Nicklaus Children’s Health Care Foundation in 2004, in an effort to provide families access to world-class pediatric healthcare. As young parents they pledged to each other that if they were ever in a position to help others, they wanted to help children. The Foundation supports Nicklaus Children’s Hospital and innovative programs focused on the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of childhood illness. 250 Over $250 million raised to advance pediatric initiatives 119 Children in 119+ countries served through Nicklaus Children's Hospital 21 Number of years that we have been helping children locally and globally &#8220;The greatest gift of all is a healthy child.&#8221; General Donations Your generous gift to the Nicklaus Children’s Health Care Foundation will live on in the long, healthy lives of children who get the care they need. You’ll help more children receive critical treatment. You’ll help bring hope to kids fighting for survival. You’ll literally help fix broken hearts. You’ll help make miracles happen. Donate Now Nicklaus Children&#8217;s Health Care Foundation is a not-for-profit 501(c) (3) charitable organization. Contact Us Nicklaus Children’s Health Care Foundation 12800 US Highway One, Ste. 260 Juno Beach, FL 33408 Office: 561.630.0025 | Fax: 561.630.0026 info@nchcf.org Connect With Us To stay informed about how your support is helping children, follow us on: Facebook Twitter Instagram #ForetheChildren Donate With Confidence Nicklaus Children's Health Care Foundation is a not-for-profit 501(c) (3) charitable organization. Tax ID #57-1154352 Copyright © 2019–Present. Nicklaus Children's Health Care Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Website Accessibility
