URL: https://www.pascoeducationfoundation.org/
ORG: Pasco Education Foundation
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Home &#038; Families Access Scholarship Funds Scholarship Application Employees Innovative Classroom Projects Funding Opportunities Employee Scholarships Payroll Donation Wise Supplies Community 26/27 Partnership Guide Become a Mentor Community Partners Events 26/27 Events Guide Aim for Education Cinderella Ball Golf Classic S.T.A.R. Awards (813) 794-2705 [email&#160;protected] Pasco Education Foundation, Inc. P.O. Box 1248, Land O’ Lakes, Florida 34639 &#038; Families Access Scholarship Funds Scholarship Application Employees Innovative Classroom Projects Funding Opportunities Employee Scholarships Payroll Donation Wise Supplies Community 26/27 Partnership Guide Become a Mentor Community Partners Events 26/27 Events Guide Aim for Education Cinderella Ball Golf Classic S.T.A.R. Awards Home Innovative Classroom Projects Scholarship Awards Ceremony 2026 Scholarship Awards Ceremony View photos and presentation Kelley TOY Congratulations 2026 Pasco County Teacher of the Year Anastacia Kelley! Click to view more about the S.T.A.R. Awards and all of the employees recognized Mentor Application License to Learn LicensetoLearnFL.COM Wise Supplies Wise Supplies Explore our free teacher resource store founded to help alleviate the financial burden for families and teachers. Learn More TSIC Application Take Stock in Children Application Student applications are now open for 9th and 10th graders! Learn More Foundation Inspiration Foundation Inspiration Has the Pasco Education Foundation made in impact in your life? Tell us how Innovative Classroom Projects Every teacher has ideas that could transform their classroom. Innovative Classroom Projects give teachers the financial resources to bring those ideas to life helping fund projects that spark student engagement and drive lasting learning. Wise Supplies Wise Supplies is the Free Teacher Supply Center for Pasco County Schools educators. Thanks to generous monetary and supply donations, Wise Supplies helps our teachers and students have the supplies they need to succeed. Become a Mentor Our success rate at Take Stock in Children is a result of a comprehensive approach provided by our program. One of the keys and proven success factors is the role of the mentor. More and more people want to have a lasting, profound impact on their community. Highlights from our 2025-2026 School Year $423,130 IN SCHOLARSHIPS TO STUDENTS $285,000 IN SCHOOL SUPPLIES TO CLASSROOMS 130 GRANTS AWARDED TO TEACHERS 1,347 MENTORING SESSIONS FOR TAKE STOCK SCHOLARS Latest News Events May 19 Host a School Supply Drive Box! Our summer supply drive efforts are in full effect! Do you work for an organization or company who would like to host a school supply drive box to collect donations? Then contact Sierra Johnson, Wise Supplies Manager, for more information. All classroom essentials collected over the summer in these community boxes are given to teachers [&hellip;] READ MORE Matthew Murphy 0 Comments News April 13 2026 Pasco County Schools Day at the Rays Join fellow Pasco County students, teachers, and families for our annual day with the Rays on Saturday, May 30th, vs. the Los Angeles Angels at 4:10 pm back at Tropicana Field! A portion of each ticket purchased will benefit the Pasco Education Foundation and go directly back into the classroom. Tickets are $28 and are [&hellip;] READ MORE Matthew Murphy 0 Comments News January 26 Congratulations S.T.A.R. Awards Winners! Congratulations to 2026 Pasco County Teacher of the Year Anastacia Kelley! The stars of Pasco County Schools came out on Friday night to celebrate the S.T.A.R. Awards, honoring the District Winners and Teacher of the Year finalists. It was a joy for the Foundation to stand as a sponsor of this event with Suncoast Credit [&hellip;] READ MORE Jackie Danner 0 Comments News December 1 Class of 2026 Scholarships now open Thanks to our incredible donors, over 150 scholarships are up for grabs! Pasco County Schools’ Class of 2026 seniors can apply now to launch their next step, whether that’s a university, community college, or technical program. Scholarship applications are reviewed by donors and committee members to determine recipients. The Scholarship Awards Ceremony is held in [&hellip;] READ MORE Jackie Danner 0 Comments News September 9 Mentor Recruitment Video Check out the mentor recruitment video from our Mentor and Community Engagement Coordinator, Matthew Murphy, as he highlights the Take Stock in Children mentor program and talks with Kara Vazquez, a mentor at Sunlake High School. You can view the video here: https://youtu.be/C9vynRkDoJ8 To become a mentor, apply now at https://www.pascoeducationfoundation.org/tsic-home/mentor/. READ MORE Matthew Murphy 0 Comments News July 14 Duke Energy Invests in Pasco A huge thank you to Duke Energy for awarding Pasco County Schools a grant to support our Building Pathways: Energy, Engineering, and Opportunity in Pasco Classrooms initiative! With this support—matched by the Pasco Education Foundation—we&#8217;re empowering educators and sparking student interest in energy, engineering, and robotics across 42 schools, many of which are Title I. [&hellip;] READ MORE Jackie Danner 0 Comments OUR VALUED CORPORATE PARTNERS Copyright © 2022
