URL: https://pinellaseducation.org/
ORG: Pinellas Education Foundation
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Striving for Excellence in Education since 1986 - Pinellas Education Skip to main content Donate Language Spanish Hit enter to search or ESC to close Search Close Search search Menu Who We Are Our Mission &#038; Vision Impact Reports Financial Reports Careers Team Board of Directors Contact Our Work Academic Achievement College &#038; Career Readiness Curriculum Enrichment Empowering Educators Students Teachers News &#038; Events News Events Get Involved Donate Mentor &#038; Volunteer search INNOVATIVE STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATIONAL Initiatives. Partnerships. Change. Dedicated to relentlessly increasing academic achievement for every student. GET INVOLVED TODAY NEW BLOG POST Closing the Gender Achievement Gap Learn about our commitment to closing the gender achievement gap began more than a decade ago Closing the Gap NEW BLOG POST 6 Seniors. One Life-Changing Program See the impact of our Take Stock in Children mentoring program through the students it helps transform. 6 Seniors. 6 Stories. One Life-Changing Program RESOURCES FOR TEACHERS Classroom Funding Are you a PCS teacher? We plan to award more than $125,000 in classroom support this school year! Learn more and apply today. Walker&#039;s Rising Stars Scholarship Competition OUR WORK Empowering Students for Lifelong Success Investing in education from early literacy to college and career readiness. Evening of Excellence: Teacher of the Year! INITIATIVE HIGHLIGHT College &amp; Career Readiness We are driven by the belief that every student deserves to graduate high school empowered and ready to thrive on any path they choose. College &amp; Career Readiness Pinellas Education Foundation is a nationally recognized, dynamic nonprofit organization – Committed to empowering students to achieve their full potential ensuring every student has a path to economic &amp; career success providing hands-on, innovative learning opportunities WHO WE ARE Mentoring Impact “What truly transformed my experience was the mentor I gained through Take Stock in Children. Mentorship, for me, has been a lifeline. My mentor served as a guiding light, offering wisdom and support at every critical juncture, especially during the college application process.&#8221; – Vidi L., Take Stock in Children Mentoring Program Alumni Teacher Impact “The work you do in uplifting educators makes such a difference in our ability to inspire, innovate, and serve our students. I am beyond grateful for all that you’ve done to support me, and I will continue to pour that gratitude back into the work I do every day.&#8221; – Natalie S., Visual Arts Teacher Mentoring Impact “My mentor has been an outstanding person for me throughout high school, she has offered support, encouragement, and wisdom since the beginning that has helped me navigate challenges, set goals and grow as a person. Her guidance, serving as a light, shaping my confidence and aspirations, inspiring me to strive for excellence and to believe in my potential.&#8221; – Valerie O., Take Stock in Children Mentoring Program, Class of 2025 Scholarship Impact “The support from the scholarship program has been a huge source of motivation for me. Knowing that others believe in my potential and are willing to invest in my education has inspired me to work even harder toward my goals.” – Kelvin A., Scholarship Recipient Classroom Impact “The Literacy Magazine project I received funding for impacts so many students at our school. Students can submit a poem, short story, flash fiction, artwork, or photos for publishing consideration. They anxiously await the magazine’s arrival, and when it does, the excitement is palpable. On behalf of all students and staff members who love to read students&#8217; original writing and see their creative art, thank you very much.” Teresa Z., Classroom Grant Recipient Become a Mentor or Volunteer You can help students build a solid foundation of values, establish goals, improve their academic and life skills, while developing self-esteem and confidence. SIGN UP TO VOLUNTEER Partners in Impact Join Us in Making a Difference! DONATE TODAY Pinellas Education Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Our Employer Identification Number (EIN) is 59-2688253. Our Office 12090 Starkey Rd, Largo, FL 33773 (727) 588-4816 [email&#160;protected] 8 AM &#8211; 5 PM Monday &#8211; Friday Mobile Messaging Privacy Policy Pinellas Education Foundation Facebook Page Pinellas Education Foundation YouTube Channel Pinellas Education Foundation LinkedIn Page Pinellas Education Foundation Instagram Page Newsletter Sign-up Name (Required) Email Address (Required) &#916; &copy; 2026 Pinellas Education Foundation. Close Menu Who We Are Our Mission &#038; Vision Impact Reports Financial Reports Careers Team Board of Directors Contact Our Work Academic Achievement College &#038; Career Readiness Curriculum Enrichment Empowering Educators Students Teachers News &#038; Events News Events Get Involved Donate Mentor &#038; Volunteer
