URL: https://www.scaifefamily.org
ORG: Scaife Family Foundation
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Charitable Funding | West Palm Beach, FL HOME WOMEN AND CHILDREN ADDICTION ANIMAL WELFARE OUR FUNDING PROCESS --> --> Search --> --> MISSION STATEMENT The Scaife Family Foundation grant awards will support and develop programs that demonstrate the beneficial interaction between humans and animals, early intervention and prevention in the area of drug and alcohol addiction, and address issues surrounding the health and welfare of women and children. Providing Charitable Funding to the Community For almost 40 years, the most vulnerable members of the community have been supported by the Scaife Family Foundation through charitable funding. Since its inception in 1985, the Foundation has provided more than $180 million in donations for non-profit programs. Originally founded in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the Foundation's service area is not limited to any single geographical area within the United States. Historically, we consider South Florida and Western Pennsylvania first. All grants are determined by the Directors on a case-by-case basis. We aim to help make the world a better place by continuing the legacy of generosity made possible by the Scaife Family. Our primary objective is to match the Foundation with non-profit organizations having similar interest areas and goals. The Foundation offers grants in the form of general operating support and program support. Proposals for event sponsorship and endorsements, capital campaigns renovation, individuals and government agencies are typically declined. Please review “Our Funding Process” outlined in tab 5 for complete details on how to submit a proposal requests. Who We Are David Zywiec - President and Chairman Phone (561) 659-1188 Address 777 S Flagler Drive, Suite 909 East Tower, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 Scaife Family Foundation Home Women and Children Addiction Animal Welfare Our Funding Process 777 S Flagler Dr, Suite 909 East Tower, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 Phone: (561) 659-1188 Copyright © All rights reserved.
