URL: https://www.wmoda.com
ORG: Wiener Museum Of Decorative Arts Inc
COUNTY: 
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
WMODA Wiener Collection of Ceramic Art &amp; Studio Glass Open Wednesday - Sunday 10am to 4pm • Closed Monday &amp; Tuesday Become a Member of WMODA Home Visit Visitor Information Group Visits Volunteer About Us Press Kit Press Archives Events Exhibitions Collections Hot Glass Chihuly Studio Glass Florida Glass Art Nouveau &#038; Art Deco Royal Doulton Potteries Arts &#038; Crafts Pottery Pioneers The Birth of an Industry Innovation &#038; Imagination Safari for the Soul Ardmore Ceramics Ardmore Design Highlights Museum Shop Museum Shop Artists Museum Shop Articles Contact Us Contact Us Tour Tour Visita guiada Home WMODA | Wiener Museum Featured Collections WMODA Exhibitions 31 Jan Splash! Exhibition Read more 21 Jan Red · The Fired Arts are Hot Read more 21 Jan Cheers · The Art of Hospitality Read more Highlights from Our Newsletter 18 Jul The Chihuly Room By Louise Irvine The new Hot Glass Gallery at WMODA is enhanced by Chihuly’s spectacular Persian Wall, formerly at Wolfgang Puck’s Postrio Restaurant in San Francisco. The glass rondels Read more 18 Jul Pangolin Pair By Louise Irvine Ardmore’s Pangolin Park fabric pattern has proved to be one of the most popular in the Thanda Design collection. The endangered pangolin has appeared on a Read more 18 Jul Flower &#038; Flame The stunning new Flower &amp; Flame documentary paints an intimate portrait of master flameworker Paul Stankard, exploring his work, his wit and his wisdom. The executive producer of the new film Read more 18 Jul Marvelous Moorcroft By Louise Irvine The most prestigious pottery ever made by the Moorcroft studio in Stoke-on-Trent can be seen at WMODA. In the early 1900s, William Moorcroft made some very Read more Sign up for our e-newsletter Sign up for Through the Looking Glass , our monthly newsletter, to be notified of featured articles, artists, and promotions. SIGN UP FOR OUR E-NEWSLETTER Search the website for more indepth articles and features. What our visitors are saying about their experience See what others are saying... Tripadvisor Reviews You have got to make time to go!!! The place is absolutely mind-blowing! JB Berkow, Founder &#038; President Benzaiten Center for Creative Arts Thank you! A fantastic collection. Anne Forschler-Tarrasch Birmingham Museum of Art About our museum WMODA is a non-profit museum founded in 2014 by Arthur Wiener and his family to inspire appreciation and understanding of ceramics and glass as art forms. This remarkable legacy enables us to celebrate an important aspect of our cultural heritage in an exciting and enjoyable environment. About Us Location WMODA - Wiener Museum of Decorative Arts 3250 North 29th Avenue Hollywood, FL 33020 Phone: 954.376.6690 Please note that many GPS apps are directing visitors to the back of the WMODA building. The main entrance to the museum is located on the west side of North 29th Avenue between Sheridan Street and Stirling Road. SIGN UP FOR E-NEWS WMODA Proud Member of All Rights Reserved &times; Your ticket for: Home Title Home $ Close Print
