URL: https://soafi.org/scholarship-resources
ORG: School of the Arts Foundation (Dreyfoos) scholarship resources
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Scholarships &amp; Scholarship Resources 561-805-6298 info@soafi.org 0 My Account My Account Login with Google Login with Microsoft Login with Facebook OR Email Password Remember me Sign-In Email Enter the email address you used to give or communicate with us. Send Me A Login Link Use a Password Use a Login Link I Forgot My Password Create an Account Donate The Foundation About Us History Board of Directors Donor Spotlights The School Alexander W. Dreyfoos School of the Arts Alexander W. Dreyfoos Art Programs Academic Programs Student Spotlights Accolades Campus Map Student Performances Alumni Information Highlights Spotlights Alumni Spotlight Questionnaire Discover E-Newsletters In the News Printable Info Sheet Photo Gallery Dreyfoos Community Highlights Donate Support Friends of Dreyfoos Save the Arts Naming Opportunites Endowment Gifts Planned Giving Ways to Help Charitable Remainder Trust Funds Department Wish Lists Scholarships Scholarships SOAFI Scholarships Scholarships &amp; Scholarship Resources Scholarships Selected by Faculty Events Prism 2026 Performance Request Dreams of Dreyfoos The Foundation About Us History Board of Directors Donor Spotlights The School Alexander W. Dreyfoos School of the Arts Alexander W. Dreyfoos Art Programs Academic Programs Student Spotlights Accolades Campus Map Student Performances Alumni Information Highlights Spotlights Alumni Spotlight Questionnaire Discover E-Newsletters In the News Printable Info Sheet Photo Gallery Dreyfoos Community Highlights My Account 561-805-6298 info@soafi.org Scholarships & Scholarship Resources Scholarships &amp; Scholarship Resources https://www.palmbeachstate.edu/dualenroll/ Suzanne Pullon and Joanne Pullon Scholarship for Women For 2026 we are pleased to offer additional scholarships for Palm Beach County women seeking their first undergraduate degree. These scholarships are in honor and memory of two beloved sisters of Dr. Peter Pullon of Jupiter, Florida: Suzanne and Joanne Pullon. Dr. Pullon is proud of the achievements of these two sisters and wished to assist future girls and women to reach their potentials. Click Here to Learn More Community Foundation for Palm Beach and Martin Counties The Community Foundation for Palm Beach and Martin Counties has established scholarship programs to assist high school and college students who plan to continue their education in college or vocational school programs. Click Here to Learn More George Snow Scholarship Fund The George Snow Scholarship Fund is dedicated to helping deserving students within the community achieve their career goals through their pursuit of higher education. By providing financial assistance and a host of supplementary support services, we ensure that your scholarship recipients have the resources they need to thrive academically. Click Here to Learn More West Palm Beach Rotary Club The Rotary Club of West Palm Beach is proud to announce its 2025 Robert S. Jaegers Memorial Academic Scholarship for $2,000 which may be renewed up to four consecutive years. The scholarship is awarded to the student who best epitomizes the Rotary Club motto of &ldquo;Service Above Self&rdquo; Click Here to Learn More Eda &amp; Cliff Viner Community Scholars Foundation The Viner Community Scholarship is a program that provides South Palm Beach County High School students with four year scholarships to colleges and universities in the State of Florida public educational system. Click Here to Learn More The Kovner Foundation The Foundation supports scholarship programs that encourage meritorious students to excel and fulfill their potential. Click Here to Learn More Rachael Bonlarron West Palm 100 Scholarship In recognition of the dedicated hard work, sleepless nights, sacrificed weekends and evenings (and early mornings), the long days working in her professional career at Palm Beach State College while committing countless hours to her studies, for writing tens of thousands of dollars in tuition checks, and the wonderful achievement of Rachael Bonlarron completing and graduating with her MBA from Florida Atlantic University, the Cohn and Bonlarron families through the West Palm 100 are initially setting up a scholarship in Rachael&rsquo;s honor that will help fund two (2) scholarships a year to a graduating senior at a West Palm Beach public high school. Click Here to Learn More Smart Scholar 62+ Scholarships for Palm Beach County Residents Click Here to Learn More CampusReel 2024 Palm Beach County Scholarships Click Here to Learn More Purdue University Global 50+ College Scholarships for Minority Students Click Here to Learn More Arts for Life! Click Here to Apply Arts for Life! annually awards $1,000 scholarships to 25 graduating high school seniors in Florida who demonstrate excellence in one of the following art forms: creative writing dance drama music visual art Palm Beach Symphony - Lisa Bruna B-Major Award Click Here to Apply Through an annual audition process, Palm Beach Symphony awards one to three high school seniors with an advanced level instrument or major accessory such as a bow or headjoint. Students must reside in Palm Beach County, intend to major in music, and pursue their undergraduate studies at a university, college, or conservatory. For questions please email bseliger@palmbeachsymphony.org NSAL Writing Scholarships Click Here to Apply The NSAL Writing Scholarships in Short Story are annual scholarships available through the National Society of Arts and Letters to young writers ages 16 to 22. For questions please email nsal.literature@gmail.com Winston 2-D Visual Art Scholarships Click Here to Apply In honor of Naomi Rabb Winston, NSAL established an annual scholarship fund for young visual artists between the ages of 16 and 22. Applicants must demonstrate exceptional talent and promise of future success. For questions please email Twyla Martins trmarts@mac.com Shirley Rabb Winston Classical Voice Scholarship Click Here to Apply National Prize: $16,000 in Scholarships. Awarded Entry is through the local chapter selection, which is chaired by Judi Asselta. Scholarship applicants must be between the ages of 16-22. The selection process is conducted via video, and all requirements are in the attachment below. Entrants will be reviewed by local judges and a maximum of two will be chosen to advance to the National scholarship competition. Please submit the URL for your YouTube video with the completed application (attached below) to event chair Judi Asselta. Judi Asselta at JudiAsselta@gmail.com 2024 ALLIANCE OF WOMEN EXECUTIVES (AWE) SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE Click Here to Apply AWE proudly offers scholarships to young women graduating from a Palm Beach County high school who choose to continue their college education at Florida Atlantic University, Lynn University, Palm Beach Atlantic University, or Palm Beach State College. South Florida Fair Scholarship Program Click Here to Apply Overview: The South Florida Fair &amp; Palm Beach County Expositions, Inc. is proud to annually award $55,000 in scholarships to students who have exhibited a desire to further their education. The 2024 Scholarship Awards Ceremony will take place in January on the Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Stage. If you have any questions or concerns, please call Paige Poole at (561) 790-5232 or email at Scholarships@southfloridafair.com Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc.-International High School Essay Contest Click Here to Apply The contest is open to all college-bound, high school seniors who submit an essay application through a Chapter of the Fraternity. The essay must be original and neither previously published nor secured by copyright. The essay must be between 700 and 750 words in length. The type-written, the double-spaced essay may be submitted via postal service or email in Microsoft Word. 2022 Essay Title: A world crisis has caused a paradigm shift for health disparities and social justice; what are your suggestions for positive change? Coca-Cola Scholars Program Scholarship Click Here to Apply Overview: The Coca-Cola Scholars Program scholarship is an achievement-based scholarship awarded to students in their final year of high school. Students are recognized for their capacity to lead and serve, as well as their commitment to making a significant impact on their schools and communities. With the 35th class in 2023 , the Foundation has provided over 6,750 Coca-Cola Scholars with more than $81 million in educational support. 150 Coca-Cola Scholars are selected each year to receive this $20,000 scholarship. Jackie Robinson Foundation Scholarship Click Here to Apply Overview: The Jackie Robinson Foundation provides a multi-faceted experience designed to not only address the financial needs of students who aspire to attend college but to guide them through the process of higher education. $35,000 over 4 years for minority seniors with financial need and community service. Florida Bright Futures Scholarship Program Click Here to Apply Deadline: Students must apply for Bright Futures by submitting a Florida Financial Aid Application no later than August 31 after high school graduation. Overview: The Florida Bright Futures Scholarship Program has helped more than 725,000 Florida students attend a postsecondary institution. Bright Futures awards include: Florida Academic Scholars award (FAS), Florida Medallion Scholars award (FMS), Florida Gold Seal CAPE Scholars award (GSC) and the Florida Gold Seal Vocational Scholars award (GSV). Eligibility Information: Click Here to View the 2024-2025 Handbook GlobalScholarships.com $3,000 Scholarship for International Students Click Here to Apply GlobalScholarships.com $3,000 scholarship is for the Fall 2025 studies and is offered to any eligible prospective or current international student studying in Fall 2025. By international students, we mean students studying in a country where they are not a citizen or permanent resident. This scholarship is offered to all postsecondary degree programs, which are diploma, Associate&rsquo;s, Bachelor&rsquo;s, Master&rsquo;s, Ph.D, as well as professional programs like law and medicine. Resources The School District of Palm Beach County Scholarship Search: https://apps.palmbeachschools.org/ScholarshipSearch How to Find and Secure Scholarships for College: https://www.usnews.com/education/best-colleges/paying-for-college/articles/how-to-find-and-secure-scholarships-for-college U.S. News Scholarship Finder Going Merry Free scholarship search and application platform. Personalized matching. Thousands of scholarships and grants. A one-stop financial aid application platform. Students answer 12 questions and then apply directly to the federal aid, state aid, and private scholarships that we match them to. https://www.goingmerry.com/ Collegeboard Big Futures: https://bigfuture.collegeboard.org/student-search-service Sallie Mae Scholarship Search: https://www.salliemae.com/college-planning/tools/scholarship-search/ RaiseMe Earn micro-scholarships as early as 9th grade and discover your path to the best college for you. https://www.raise.me/ National Scholarship Search Tool: Sponsored by the U.S. Department of Labor, searches 8,000+ scholarships. https://www.careeronestop.org/toolkit/training/findscholarships.aspx Scholarships available through the State of Florida: Many scholarships are available through the state beyond Bright Futures. https://www.floridastudentfinancialaidsg.org/SAPHome/SAPHome?url=home Global Scholarships: Whether you are a current student already studying at an institution or a prospective student, Global Scholarships has scholarships available for you. https://globalscholarships.com/ Dreyfoos School of the Arts Foundation, Inc. | P.O. Box 552, West Palm Beach, FL 33402 | Phone 561-805-6298 | info@soafi.org Encrypted &amp; Secure. Give with Confidence. Powered by Givecloud. Privacy Policy
