URL: https://pbcpao.gov/scholarship-awards.htm
ORG: Palm Beach County Property Appraiser scholarship awards
COUNTY: Palm Beach
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Scholarship Awards Program ADJUST FONT SIZE: Reset Call Us Visit Us Questions & Comments Home Data Nearby Sales Search Advanced Sales Search Map Search Variance Report More Search Options Tax Roll Information Data Requests — Public Services Public Records Requests School Attendance Zones Municipal Permit Departments Municipal Contact List Proposed Taxes or TRIM --> Tax Calculator Exemptions Homestead Exemption E File All Exemptions Homestead Exemption Do You Qualify? Portability Report Homestead Fraud 3% and 10% Caps Departments Data Requests — Public Services Mapping/Ownership Records Appraisal Departments - Agricultural Appraisal - Residential Appraisal - Commercial Appraisal - Condominium Appraisal - Tangible Personal Property Exemptions Human Resources Community Outreach Forms All Forms Address Change Value Adjustment Board Petition Report Damaged Property Homestead Exemption - E File - PDF Form Tangible Personal Property Return - E File - PDF Form Agricultural Classification Portability Application Senior Citizen (Low Income) About Contact Us Truth In Millage About Our Office Meet Dorothy Jacks Job Opportunities Troubleshoot Our Site Property Owner Bill of Rights Glossary of Terms What Is a PCN? Press Room Schedule a Speaker What We Value Our Budget Important Dates FAQ Palm Beach County Property Appraiser Accepting scholarship Applications West Palm Beach, FL – The Palm Beach County Property Appraiser’s Office is now accepting applications for its 33rd Annual Palm Beach County Property Appraiser’s Scholarships , announced Property Appraiser Dorothy Jacks, CFA, AAS. Six college scholarships of $1,500 each will be awarded to graduating Palm Beach County high school seniors who plan to attend an accredited higher-education institution full time, regardless of intended major or field of study. Each scholarship recipient will also be offered the opportunity to participate in a paid summer internship with the Property Appraiser’s Office. “These scholarships are funded entirely through voluntary employee donations, which makes this program especially meaningful,” said Jacks. “It reflects the generosity of our staff and their shared commitment to investing in the future of Palm Beach County.” “The paid internship component allows students to gain hands-on experience and learn more about public service and property valuation,” Jacks added. “It’s an opportunity to explore a professional field that plays an important role in every community.” To be eligible, applicants must be Palm Beach County residents , have a minimum 3.0 GPA , and plan to attend an accredited college or university. The application deadline is March 31, 2026 . Since 1994, the Palm Beach County Property Appraiser’s Office has awarded $188,000 in college scholarships to local students. For more information, call 561.355.3230 or email PA-MyScholarship@pbcpao.gov. Scholarship Application (PDF)» --> Departments Agricultural Appraisal Commercial Appraisal Community Outreach Condominium Appraisal Data Requests &mdash; Public Services Exemption Services Ownership Records &mdash; Deed Processing deptartment link">Geographical Information Systems (GIS) Ownership Records &mdash; Deed Processing Human Resources Residential Appraisal Tangible Personal Property Quick Links Homestead Exemption E File Tangible Personal Property E File Mailing Address Change Form Property Tax Calculator Portability Calculator Data Requests Tax Roll Information Government Links Palm Beach County Tax Collector Palm Beach County Government Palm Beach County Planning, Zoning &amp; Building Clerk of the Circuit Court &amp; Comptroller Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections Palm Beach County Municipal Permit Departments Taxing Authorities - Ad Valorem List Taxing Authorities - Non-Ad Valorem List Florida Department of Revenue MyFlorida.com Home Contact Us Records Custodian This site is designed to work best for updated browsers like Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Apple Safari. For additional assistance, visit Navigate PAPA , or contact us . Disclaimer The information contained herein is for ad valorem tax assessment purposes only. The Property Appraiser exercises strict auditing procedures to ensure validity of any transaction received and posted by this office, but cannot be responsible for errors or omissions in the information received from external sources. Due to the elapsed time between transactions in the marketplace, and the time that those transactions are received from the public and/or other jurisdictions, some transactions will not be reflected. Information collected at this site, including email addresses, becomes public record and may be subject to inspection and copy by the public unless prohibited by exception or exemption in the law. ADA Access The Palm Beach County Property Appraiser’s Office is committed to compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1. It does not discriminate on the basis of disability in the admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its services, programs or activities. Upon request, reasonable accommodation will be made to allow individuals with disabilities access to the communications regarding our services, programs or activities set forth on the Palm Beach County Property Appraiser's Office website. Please contact our public records custodian at 561.355.2881 or e-mail your request to pa-pubsvc@pbcpao.gov . &copy; 2023 Palm Beach County Property Appraiser. Designed by Green Group Studio, maintained by Palm Beach County, Information Systems Services.
