URL: https://connectplus.pasco.k12.fl.us/asimons/local-and-degree-specific-scholarships/
ORG: Pasco Schools - Zephyrhills HS college & career centre
COUNTY: Pasco
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Scholarships &#8211; ZHS College &amp; Career Resource Center Skip to content ZHS College &amp; Career Resource Center To College and Beyond&#8230; Menu College Resources Scholarships ACT, SAT, ASVAB Testing Career Resources-Florida Shines &#038; Military Entrance/Acadamies College Resources Bright Futures/Financial Aid/FAFSA College and Career Fairs NCAA vs. NAIA Community Service Scholarships The more scholarships you apply for, the more likely you are to receive money for your education. I encourage you to apply for all of the scholarships you qualify for to help you on your way to earning a degree with less financial stress. Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) https://www.floridastudentfinancialaidsg.org/SAPHome/SAPHome?url=home Scholarship Listings: Pasco County Schools Scholarship Database: https://www.pasco.k12.fl.us/scholarship_database Scholarship Search Websites: jlvcollegecounseling.com https://scholarsapp.com/ www.fastweb.com scholarships360.org www.scholarships.com www.studentscholarships.org Hispanic &amp; Latino Scholarships: https://www.bestcolleges.com/resources/hispanic-latino-scholarships/ Other scholarship opportunities and resources: Scholly – A mobile app that provides students with a fast and simple way to find scholarships for college. (Created by Christopher Gray, a Coca-Cola Scholar!) Fastweb – Create a profile and let Fastweb do the research on scholarships, internships colleges and more for you. Scholarship America – Provides information and resources for your scholarship search. HS Finder (Hispanic Scholarship Fund) – Scholarship information for Latino students. Thurgood Marshall College Fund – Provides scholarships, programmatic and capacity building support to the 47 public Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). Gates Millennium Scholars – Provides outstanding low income African American, American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian Pacific Islander American, and Hispanic American students with an opportunity to complete an undergraduate college education in any discipline they choose. Asian &amp; Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund – The nation’s largest non-profit organization devoted to providing college scholarships for Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPI). American Indian College Fund – Provides Native American students with scholarships and financial support for the nation’s 33 accredited tribal colleges and universities. UNCF – Awards 10,000 students each year through 400 scholarship and internship programs so that students from low- and moderate-income families can afford college tuition, books and room and board. Reagan Foundation Scholarships &#8211; Scholarship opportunities for outstanding student leaders. Native Forward Scholars Fund &#8211; The largest scholarship providers to Native students in the United States, awarding $15 million in scholarships annually and more than $200 million since inception. For almost 50 years, AIGC has funded students pursing undergraduate, graduate, and professional degrees in any field of study at any accredited institution of choice, working with over 500 tribes in all 50 states. Cirkled In – A secure, FREE platform for students to create an electronic portfolio showcasing their holistic skills and achievements to get discovered by colleges and increase success rate for applications. Enter to Win a $2500 Scholarship by creating a free account on www.cirkledin.com and clicking the apply now button. Local Scholarships Local Scholarships will be posted as they become available. Please check back often! See below for the most current scholarships. ZHS General Scholarship Application 2026 ZHS General Scholarship Application 2026 Download PHSC Foundation Scholarships : Various Due Dates The PHSC Foundation offers more than 220 endowed scholarships and over 50 annual scholarships which are made possible through generous contributions from local private businesses, foundations, civic organizations, and individuals. Scholarships are awarded by the Financial Aid Office with the assistance of the online scholarship program software that matches the applications with the scholarship criteria designed by the donors. These matches are then provided to the scholarship selection committee, a cross-section of PHSC staff and faculty who make the final decision. Students may apply online for a Foundation Scholarship . Many scholarships are based on demonstrated financial need as established by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), so all students are encouraged to complete the online FAFSA. WREC Educational Foundation, Inc. Scholarship-Due 3/1/26 Successful Candidates Must: Be the dependent of a Withlacoochee River Electric Cooperative, Inc., Member. Be a high school senior and maintain a minimum 2.0 GPA. Be a bona fide resident within the service area of Withlacoochee River Electric Cooperative, Inc., for at least one year prior to December 31st. Plan to attend an in-state college, university or technical school full time (minimum of 12 credit hours per semester). Schools must be accredited by one of the six regional accrediting institutions, such as SACS, recognized by the Council on Higher Education Accreditation. If the institution is a technical school, it should be accredited by the Council on Occupational Education or its equivalent. Maintain a 2.0 GPA each term (or higher if mandated by the institution) to maintain eligibility. WREC Scholarship Application 2026 Download Tampa Metropolitan Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. 2026 Scholarships-Due 3/8/26 The Tampa Metropolitan Alumnae Chapter (TMAC) of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. is pleased to announce our 2026 Scholarships Program applications are now open. Submission Deadline: March 8, 2025 Scholarships – Tampa Metropolitan Alumnae Chapter The Altamese Purify Hamilton Merit Scholarship is intended for students who are looking to pursue a Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science degree from an accredited institution of higher education. Apply | Download Flyer.png The TMAC Achiever&#8217;s Scholarship is intended for students who are looking to pursue a Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science from an accredited institution of higher education. Apply | Download Flyer.png The Helen Green Wilson Scholarship is intended for a student planning to pursue a degree in Nursing or one of the sciences. Apply | Download Flyer.png The Ollie S. Hunter Scholarship is intended for students who are looking to pursue a music degree in one of the following: Piano, Organ, or Voice/Choral. Apply | Download Flyer.png The TMAC Vocational Scholarship is intended for a student who plans to attend a Post-Secondary Vocational School. Apply | Download Flyer.png Rotary Club of Trinity Scholarship-Due 3/25/26 Deadline Date for Application Submission: March 25, 2026 The Rotary Club of Trinity is accepting applications for scholarships in 2026. Please note the following: Trinity Rotary Scholarship App 2026 Download All applications must be sent by US Postal Service to the address below (applications sent via email will not be accepted). The Rotary Club of Trinity Post Office Box 238 New Port Richey, FL 34656 All applications must be postmarked on or before March 25th, 2026 in order to be accepted. Applications must be accompanied by all requested documentation (pg. 2). All statements made on the application are considered confidential and are provided only to the Rotary Club of Trinity Scholarship Committee for consideration. The Committee is the sole judge of scholarship winners, and the decision will be final. DeBartolo Family Foundation Scholarship-Due 3/27/26 The DeBartolo Family Foundation is dedicated to helping the youth in our community. Every student’s story is different and the Foundation is committed to helping students achieve their dream of attending college. The DeBartolo Family Foundation scholarship program was created to recognize Tampa Bay area high school graduating seniors who have achieved academic excellence despite obstacles and are dedicated to continuing their education. A one-time scholarship award is given to students prior to the start of their freshman year of college and can be used for any college-related expenses. To qualify for a DeBartolo Family Foundation scholarship, all applicants must be a current high school senior in Hillsborough, Pasco, Pinellas or Polk Counties and must have plans to continue his/her education at a University, Community College or Technical School starting in summer or fall after your graduation. Download our 2025-2026 scholarship application HERE . GFWC Woman&#8217;s Club of Zephyrhills Scholarship-Due 3/28/26 Each year the Woman’s Club of Zephyrhills offers scholarships to individuals pursuing continuing education in all fields at either community colleges, universities, or trade schools. Scholarship monies are paid directly to the educational entity you plan to attend. Please read these instructions carefully as all requirements must be met for consideration of a scholarship. The application is to be completed by the applicant. Please type or print legibly. Two letters of reference are required—one must be from non-relative academic professional, the other may be from immediate supervisors and/or community service administrators who can attest to your abilities. Reference letters must be on letterhead, include an original signature and a telephone number where that person may be reached. Attach a biographical statement of 250 words or less to include educational background, career goals, financial need, activities you have taken part in for home, school, community, or church, and how the scholarship will help you achieve your goal. Please include YOUR best telephone number where you can be reached with the results of your application. Please mail your completed application form with all required documents no later than March 28, 2026 to: GFWC Woman’s Club of Zephyrhills Attn: Scholarship Committee PO Box 735 Zephyrhills, FL 33539-0735 Email any questions regarding this application to info@gfwczephyrhills.org Applications are available on our website at www.gfwczephyrhills.org Microsoft Word &#8211; 2026 GFWC Zephyrhills Student Scholarship Letter &amp; Application Tampa Bay Business Coalition for the Arts Scholarships-Due 3/29/26 The Tampa Bay Business Coalition for the Arts annually awards six or more $2,500 scholarships to Tampa Bay–area high school juniors and seniors with exceptional talent in instrumental and vocal music, theatre, dance, visual arts, and literary arts who are pursuing higher education in the arts. Founded in 2008 by the late Charlie Hounchell, former Tampa Bay BCA president, the CHASS program was later renamed in his honor. To date, Tampa Bay BCA has awarded over $280,000 in tuition assistance to more than 102 students, the majority from public high schools across the Tampa Bay region. Eligible students in Hillsborough, Pinellas, Manatee, and Pasco counties may apply in one or multiple disciplines (separate online applications required for each). There is no application fee, and all materials must be submitted online. Applications open February 11, 2026, and close March 29, 2026. Scholarships — Tampa Bay Business Coalition for the Arts Southern Scholarship Foundation-Due 4/1/26 Southern Scholarship Foundation increases access to higher education by providing students with rent-free living and learning communities. Since 1955, SSF has helped students achieve their dreams of attending their choice university through our partnerships at Florida Gulf Coast University, University of Florida, Santa Fe College, Florida State University, Florida A&amp;M University, and Tallahassee State College. While SSF does not provide monetary-based scholarships, we offer rent-free homes located near our partner institutions. We currently have 26 homes statewide and serve 470 students. How to Apply &#8211; Southern Scholarship Foundation BadgeWives of Tampa Bay Scholarship-Due 4/3/26 Award: $500- $1000 Deadline: April 3rd, 2026 Awards Available for 2026: 2- 4 The Mission of BadgeWives of Tampa Bay Inc is to promote positive law enforcement relationships within the community, to seek community support for law enforcement, provide support for law enforcement families in need, and to encourage stronger relationships within families. This scholarship is designed to recognize students who demonstrate a similar passion for public service, and who demonstrate leadership, financial need and a desire to pursue a career in law enforcement or related fields. Eligibility: Current high school seniors who are pursuing post high school education in law enforcement or related fields including: criminal justice, corrections, and forensics. Non high school Applicants enrolled/accepted into a law enforcement academy are also eligible. BadgeWives2026Scholarship Download Ridge League of Cities Scholarships-Due 4/3/26 Academic Scholarships RLC Academic Scholarship Application 2026 Download The Ridge League of Cities will award five (5) $2,500 scholarships to deserving high school seniors who intend on furthering their education and achieving academic experiences in a university setting. Scholarship applicants will be judged on community service, financial need, GPA, leadership, and a statement of education and career goals. Vocational/Trade scholarships RLC Vocational &#8211; Trade Scholarship Application 2026 Download The Ridge League of Cities will award five (5) $1,250 scholarships to deserving high school seniors who intend to learn a trade, and/or obtain a vocational certificate or degree at one of the following state colleges or schools located within the Ridge League: Hillsborough Community College Pasco Hernando State College Polk State College South Florida State College Ridge Technical College Traviss Technical College Scholarship applicants will be judged on community service, financial need, GPA, leadership, and a statement of education and career goals. Applications must be submitted to Mrs. Simons on or before Friday, April 3rd, 2026 in paper or by email at asimons@pasco.k12.fl.us Tom Fisher Foundation Scholarship-Due 4/10/26 Amount: $1000 Tom &#8220;Coach&#8221; Fisher was diagnosed about 7 years ago with Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP). This is a rare neurological disorder that affects body movements, walking and balance, eye movements, muscle movements and other important functions. Fisher&#8217;s friends and family have started the Tom Fisher Foundation. Our mission is to restore community spirit through engaging activities and impactful fundraising events that raise awareness for Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP). Signature events, such as our annual golf tournament and casino night, allow us to gather essential funds to provide much needed supplies for families affected by PSP&#8212;items often overlooked by traditional medical insurance. Additionally, we take pride in supporting the next generation by offering scholarships to graduating Seniors from Zephyrhills High School. Please visit our website, www.tomfisherfoundation.org , for further information. Requirements: High School Senior Planning to attend college or trade school in 2026 US Citizen or Permanent Residence Application: https://pdf.ac/ew6LP7fUZ West Pasco Bar Association Law Day Scholarship 2026-Due 4/10/26 This Law Day, the West Pasco Bar Association invites Pasco County high school students to write an essay pertaining to this year’s theme: “The American Dream &amp; The Rule of Law.” The American Dream is rooted in the idea that everyone should have an equal opportunity to pursue their goals, regardless of background, status, or wealth. Central to this promise is the Rule of Law, which is the principle that everyone is subject to the same laws and protections, and that no one is above the law. In your essay, reflect on your own goals for the future and explain how the Rule of Law helps make it possible for you and others to pursue those goals fairly and safely. Consider how laws, courts, or constitutional protections promote fairness, resolve conflicts, and protect individual rights. Think about what challenges individuals or society might face if the Rule of Law did not exist. ***All essays must be submitted by 5:00 PM on April 10, 2026. Essays should be no longer than 750 words, typed, and double space. Email your submission in PDF or WORD format along with your name, contact Information, and the school you attend to: wpascobar@gmail.com. The West Pasco Bar Association will select finalists and they will be judged on format, clarity, style, reasoning, creativity, and overall effort. Essays believed to be written with AI will be disqualified. Contest winners &amp; their parents will be Invited to attend the West Pasco Bar Association’s Installation Banquet at Spartan Manor. Essay winners will be notified of the date and time of the banquet where the winners will receive their prize. West Pasco Bar Association_Law Day Essay Contest 2026 (2) Download Providing Wings to Soar Scholarship-Due 4/15/26 Caterpillars to Butterflies exists to ensure that every child has the opportunity to create, pursue, and fulfill their dreams. We believe every child deserves the chance to grow, thrive, and soar. Through our scholarship support, we hope to help high school seniors lighten the financial burden of college and take the next step toward achieving their goals. Our mission is to open doors, spark potential, and provide students with the encouragement and resources they need to turn their college dreams into reality. Submit application via email to Tracy@caterflies.org or stephanie.polk.77@gmail.com Providing Wings to Soar Scholarship Application Download Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Juneteenth Activity Committees of East Pasco Scholarship Application-Due 4/15/26 Scholarship Criteria:  Must be a graduating senior from an East Pasco County School  Minimum unweighted GPA: 2.5  Documented community service or volunteer hours  Submit an official sealed transcript showing current GPA  Submit a completed application, including a 500-word essay  Provide two letters of recommendation (relatives not accepted): o One from a Principal, Counselor, or Administrator o One from a Teacher or Employer  Submit an acceptance letter from an accredited College, University, or Vocational School  Application Deadline: April 15, 2026 Mail completed applications to: East Pasco Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Activity Committee Attn: Scholarship Subcommittee P.O. Box 856 Dade City, FL 33526 2026 MLK Scholarship Application Download 6th Annual Hope Scholarship-Due 4/17/26 Since 2021, The Law Office of Philips and Raaymakers has awarded $500 scholarships to students from various local high schools who have faced or are facing adversity or an obstacle in their lives and have overcome or are overcoming that obstacle or adversity. This year, our law office will again offer one $500 scholarship each to 4 students who also have found themselves facing some type of adversity or obstacle in their life. Deadline: April 17, 2026 Award Type: Scholarship for high school or undergraduate student Purpose: To offset the cost of post-secondary education or higher education GPA Requirement: 3.0+ preferred Application: 6th Annual Hope Scholarship City of Zephyrhills Scholarship-Due 4/19/26 The City of Zephyrhills annual provides a total of 10 scholarships of $1,000 a piece to graduating seniors of Zephyrhills High School. Please fill out the application linked here: 2026 City of Zephyrhills | Zephyrhills High School Scholarship Application Vision of Arts Scholarship-Due 4/24/26 Vision of Arts Scholarship Flyer 2026 Download Applicants must meet the following criteria: • Must be a Zephyrhills High School student in the graduating Class of 2026. • Must have participated in Band, Chorus, or Theatre during high school. • Must have a minimum GPA of 3.0 or higher. • Must have completed 25 or more community service hours. Application Requirements • The scholarship will be awarded in the amount of $500. • Applicants must submit a completed scholarship application. • Applicants must also submit a 500-word essay. • Applicants must provide two letters of recommendation, including: • One from a teacher or school administrator. • One from a performing arts teacher. Submission Instructions: Please submit the 500-word essay and both letters of recommendation as PDF files. These documents must be emailed at the time of application submission to: thevisionofartsinc@gmail.com Application Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScpNkF8Ep-J7yU22IYx3ZMV5Ro3JtAk_fueS43iNIXcb4CnXw/viewform?pli=1 Delta Gamma Scholarship-Due 4/26/26 Sean Bartell Memorial Scholarship-Due 4/29/26 Sean Bartell passed away from complication of Stevens Johnson Syndrome / Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis during his Junior year at Wesley Chapel High School. Sean was taking AP/Honors classes and was 5th in his class. The Sean Bartell Memorial Fund was established to help both students and teachers, in his memory, because the past is already set, but the future is unwritten. Please see https://seanbartell.org/ for more information. All application materials are due to Mrs. Simons on or before the due date. Sean Bartell App 2026 Download Tyler (TG) Guy Memorial Scholarship-Due 4/30/26 Tyler excelled in academics and was a dedicated three-sport athlete throughout his high school career. He continued his athletic career playing tight end at The University of South Florida (USF). This scholarship is for athletes who are committed to academics and athletics and who demonstrate teamwork and sportsmanship on and off the field. Description/Criteria Required to Apply: Graduating senior from Zephyrhills/Pasco High School Continuing their education at any Florida College or University Minimum 2.5 unweighted GPA Participated in at least one season of a varsity sport Amount of Scholarship: $500.00 Application Due Date: 04/30/2026 Applications must be submitted by email to all4guys@embarqmail.com TG Scholarship 2026 Download Zephyrhills Historical Association- Rosemary Trottman Scholarship– Due 4/30/26 The Zephyrhills Historical Association offers the Rosemary Trottman Scholarship to a ZHS Graduate pursuing continuing education in all fields at either community colleges, universities, or trade schools in the State of Florida. The amount of this year’s scholarship is $1,000.00, one thousand dollars. Rosemary Wallace Trottman was an educator and author of The History of Zephyrhills, 1821-1921. Born in 1901, she was a lifelong resident of Zephyrhills. She graduated from ZHS in 1919, earned degrees from Florida Southern University and Florida State University, and taught school in Pasco County for 40 years. Scholarship monies are paid to the recipient upon confirmation of enrollment. The intent is to assist the student with the various expenses associated with continuing their education. The application form is the Zephyrhills High School General Scholarship Application , available on the ZHS Website. Letters of reference are optional and should be from educators, work or community service supervisors and/or persons familiar with your skills, talents, or personal character. Biographical statements should reflect how your home, school, community, or church experiences have influenced your career goals. Applications must be submitted by email in .pdf format to: Zhillshistory@gmail.com Applications must be submitted prior to April 30, 2026 The Cole A. Duffy Memorial Scholarship-Due 4/30/26 In Celebration of Life, Learning, and Growing Amount: $1,000 Eligibility Requirements: Graduating ZHS Senior. Plans to enroll in a 2 year, 4 year, or trade/technical program following graduation. Submit Application and supporting documents to: saraheduffy96@gmail.com Cole_A_Duffy_Memorial_Scholarship_Application (1) Download Sydney Has a Sister Scholarship-Due 4/30/26 Applicants must be high school seniors planning on continuing their education beyond high school in the Fall following graduation. The application deadline is April 30th. Late or incomplete applications will not be considered. If you have any questions, please email: sydneyhasasister@gmail.com Do you qualify for this scholarship? Are you a Senior in high school? Do you have a brother or sister who has been diagnosed with Autism? Do you consider yourself an advocate for your sibling? Can you think of a time where you have been a voice for your sibling? Do you feel you have a message or want to teach others about autism? Have you been directly impacted by your sibling&#8217;s disability? We would love for you to apply for this award. Application: Sydney Has a Sister- Supporting Siblings Impacted by Autism Award amounts are determined by: the content and message of your video submission. the student&#8217;s essay. Up to 15 scholarships will be awarded. Amounts are subject to change based on strength of application. Rotary Club of Zephyrhills Daybreak -Due 4/30/26 General Scholarship Application , available on the ZHS College &amp; Career website. Proof of College/University/Trade School Acceptance Recipient must provide proof of enrollment in college, in order to receive funds. 3-$1,000 scholarships available Turn in completed application materials to Mrs. Simons, ZHS Career Specialist, by the deadline. Marjorie&#8217;s Hope Scholarship-Due 5/1/26 Funded by the Kathy Steiniger Memorial Family Foundation this annual scholarship is awarded based on financial need over grade-point average, along with volunteering contributions, personal impact, changes the student would make and any adversities the student has overcome during school years. Steiniger was an early volunteer of Marjorie&#8217;s Hope, who lost her battle with breast cancer on February 22, 2016. Application must be submitted by Friday, 5/1/26. Marjorie&#8217;s Hope Scholarship 2026 Download SNAP Scholarship-Due 5/1/26 The School Nutrition Association of Pasco County (SNAP) will be awarding two scholarships, one $1,000.00 scholarship and one $2,000.00 scholarship to two qualifying seniors in Pasco County Schools. The purpose of this scholarship is to help students further their education in a nutrition/food service related field. 2025-2026 SNAP Scholarship Application Download The scholarship will be awarded based upon the following items: Application A 500 word essay on “Why you have chosen a career in nutrition or a food service related field and how this scholarship would impact your success.” 1 letter of recommendation from a faculty member Academic transcript Attached is the SNAP application that should be filled out and return no later than May 1st, 2026. All documents should be mailed to the following address: Food &amp; Nutrition Services ATTN: Scholarship Application 7227 Land O’ Lakes Blvd Land O’ Lakes, FL 34638 AMVETS Ladies Auxiliary 550 Scholarship-Due 5/1/26 Two $1,000 Awards for two eligible seniors graduating from Zephyrhills High School in 2026 -See application for additional details. Please mail your completed application and copies of supporting documentation to: Patricia Schumacher AMVETS Auxliary 35144 McCullough&#8217;s Leap Zephyrhills Fl. 33541 AMVETS Auxiliary Scholarship Application 2026 Download Sarah Grace VandeBerg Scholarship-Due 5/1/26 Sarah VandeBerg was a student athlete at Zephyrhills High School, playing tennis all four years. She received a tennis scholarship that helped to enable her to continue playing tennis at a Division One level at the University of South Carolina Upstate located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. During her senior year in college a tragic automobile accident occurred which resulted in the death of Sarah, a cross-country runner and two soccer players. This memorial scholarship is intended to assist other student athletes in continuing their pursuit of a quality education. Please use the Sarah Grace VandeBerg Scholarship Application to apply for the scholarship listed below. Sarah Vande Berg Scholarship Application 2026 Download All applications and essays must be received by Friday, May 1st, 2026. Athletic Scholarship: Amount: Awards 3 @ $1000 Requirements: ● Graduating Senior ● Lettered in ZHS sports (Tennis, Soccer &amp; Track / Cross Country) ● Must have significant documented community service hours (80 hours minimum). ● Current 3.5 GPA (un-weighted) or higher ● Letter of recommendation from a teacher or counselor. ● Letter of recommendation from a community member. ● Must have experience in leadership roles and community outreach. ● Scholarship award will be forwarded to the recipient’s college. Process: Scholarship applications shall be submitted to Zephyrhills High School. Applications will be reviewed by Todd and Charla VandeBerg and may involve an interview. AAC of Pasco County, Inc. Scholarship-Due 5/15/26 African American Club of Pasco County, Inc. Scholarship Application Requirements Application is also available online: www.aacpascofl.org AAC application for 2026 final Download 1. Must be a current resident of Pasco County, Florida. 2. Complete and sign the AAC Scholarship Application for the scholarship that you are applying for. 3. Submit an Official transcript. 4. Include 3 letters of Recommendation. 5. Include the Acceptance Letter from the college, university, or technical college as a full-time student. 6. Answer all 8 questions in order. Your answers to all the questions are the criteria upon which your application will be considered. 7. Your application will NOT be accepted if any of the documentation is handwritten. 8. Email your application by midnight on May 15 to missaguy@gmail.com 9. Ensure that the scholarship you are applying for is referred to in your documentation. AES Engineering Scholarship-Due 10/8/26 Purpose of Scholarships AES Engineering is pleased to be able to continue offering scholarships to motivated students to help in the furthering of their education. Scholarship Criteria Our belief is that achieving a high grade point average should not be the only criteria for determining who deserves to be helped. For that reason we are offering a scholarship that will be awarded on the basis of character, as determined by an evaluation of the essays that are submitted. Scholarships are intended for our future leaders across a wide spectrum of fields of study. This award is available to high school seniors and all students attending a post secondary educational facility. You are not required to be taking Engineering courses to be eligible. Application Process Students will submit an essay on the topic that appears on the scholarship page of our web site https://www.aesengineers.com/scholarships.php Full details are available on our site. Amount of award: $500.00 Deadline for entry: October 8, 2026 Submit essay to scholarships@aesengineers.com There is no application packet for this award. Please do not include your resume at this time. Be sure to include your full name as well as the name of the school you are attending this year and your plans for next year. Search for: Search Recent Posts College &#038; Career Counsleor-Mrs. Simons Archives May 2026 Categories Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries feed Comments feed WordPress.org College Resources Scholarships ACT, SAT, ASVAB Testing Career Resources-Florida Shines &#038; Military Entrance/Acadamies College Resources Bright Futures/Financial Aid/FAFSA College and Career Fairs NCAA vs. NAIA Community Service ZHS College &amp; Career Resource Center Proudly powered by WordPress 
