URL: https://www.pasco.k12.fl.us/scholarship_database
ORG: Pasco County Schools scholarship database
COUNTY: Pasco
KIND: hub
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 Pasco County Schools NEWS PARENTS STUDENTS EMPLOYEES SCHOOLS DEPARTMENTS GET INVOLVED Search our site The next School Board meeting will be held on Tuesday, August 11, 2026, at 9:30 a.m. in the Board room in Building 3. Scholarship Opportunities Home Home &#124; Full Listing Search: The Pasco County Schools Scholarship database provides information and resources on various scholarship opportunities for students. Carefully review each scholarship before beginning your application. Although most of the scholarships listed target students in the 12th grade, there are some opportunities for students in additional grades. This database is updated frequently, so check back often. Visit the Scholarships and Financial Aid page for more information on financial aid options or contact your school’s College/Career Specialist. To look for scholarships that match your interests or career choice, use the search tool above (below the orange banner). Use search terms like local, minority, military, athlete, healthcare, etc. While most scholarships listed below are offered locally, there are many scholarship opportunities offered nationwide. Click here for a list of nationwide scholarship search websites. Titles Listing Alphabetical Order Deadline Date Apply Tampa Bay Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12, Adult, Other Deadline: ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12, Adult, Other Requirements: Find scholarships for students in the Tampa Bay area! Welcome to the Apply Tampa Bay Scholarship Search. This website is a free resource for college and workforce students in the Tampa Bay area. No login is required, and we don&#39;t ask for your personal information. Simply tell us what you&#39;re looking for and we&#39;ll show you quality scholarship opportunities. This search serves students in Citrus, Hernando, Hillsborough, Manatee, Pasco, Pinellas, Polk, and Sarasota counties. Deadline: ongoing Website: https://applytampabay.org/ Additional Information: Army ROTC Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: Be a U.S. citizen Be between the ages of 17 and 26 Have a high school GPA of at least 2.50 Have a high school diploma or equivalent Score a minimum of 1000 on the SAT (math/verbal) or 19 on the ACT (excluding the required writing test scores) Meet physical standards Agree to accept a commission and serve in the Army on Active Duty or in a Reserve Component (Army Reserve or Army National Guard) Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.goarmy.com/rotc/scholarships.html Additional Information: The Four-Year High School Scholarship is for high school students planning on attending a four-year college program. Contact your high school academic advisor or campus Military Science department for more information. Army ROTC scholarships consist of: Two-, three-, and four-year scholarship options based on the time remaining to complete your degree Full-tuition scholarships The option for room and board in place of tuition, if you should qualify Additional allowances for books and fees Ayn Rand Institue Scholarship - &#8216;Anthem&#8217; Amount: $2,000 Grades: 6 - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Deadline: 10/31/2026 Amount: $2,000 Grades: 6 - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Contest is open to students worldwide, except where void or prohibited by law. Essays must be written in English only. Essays must be submitted electronically through the online portal. Essay must be no fewer than 600 and no more than 1,200 words in length, double-spaced. Deadline: 10/31/2026 Website: https://aynrand.org/students/essay-contests/anthem/ Additional Information: Have you ever read one of Ayn Rand&rsquo;s thought-provoking novels? Now&rsquo;s the time! Enter an Ayn Rand Institute essay contest and you&rsquo;ll have a chance to win thousands of dollars in prize money. ARI has held student essay contests on Ayn Rand&rsquo;s fiction since 1986, awarding over $2.2 million in prize money to contest winners! This year we will award more than $40,000 to hundreds of students worldwide. College Board Opportunity Scholarships Amount: $500 - $40,000 Grades: 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: $500 - $40,000 Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: The College Board Opportunity Scholarships program is open to all class of 2026 students in the United States, Puerto Rico and the US territories. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://opportunity.collegeboard.org/ Additional Information: The more effort you put in, the more opportunities you have to earn a scholarship. Complete all six steps, and you&rsquo;re eligible to earn $40,000. Scholarships will be awarded through monthly drawings to students who complete each action. Applying to college is a complicated process, so we&#39;ve created a program that guides you through it. It doesn&#39;t require an essay, application, or minimum GPA. Instead, it rewards your effort and initiative. Complete key steps along your path to college for a chance to earn scholarships. EVERFI Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Depends on selected scholarship: Credit Worthy National Scholarship Contest - The Credit Worthy Scholarship Contest is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed Build: Credit Fundamentals , or at least 3 lessons of another course offered in the Credit Worthy program presented by OneMain Financial. Students will submit a short essay about what you learned and how the Credit Worthy program by OneMain Financial has made an impact on them for a chance to win; Application Deadlines: January 6, 2026 and April 30, 2026; Prize: $1,000 in educational funding Accounting Careers National Scholarship Contest - Accounting+ will be awarding twenty students nationally $5,000 in educational funding. The Accounting Careers: Limitless Opportunities Scholarship is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed at least one Accounting Careers: Limitless Opportunities course lesson. Students must submit a 300&ndash;500-word essay for a chance to win.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $5,000 in educational funding DataSetGO: Distinguished Data Scientist Award - Principal Foundation will be awarding ten students nationally $5,000 in educational funding. The DataSetGO: Distinguished Data Scientist award is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed at least one Data Science Foundations course lesson in select states*. Students must submit a 300&ndash;500-word essay for a chance to win.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $5,000 in educational funding Truist Financial Foundations Scholarship Contest - Truist will be awarding four students with $2,000 in educational funding. The Truist Financial Foundations Scholarship Contest is open to students* who have completed at least three Everfi: Financial Literacy for High School lessons. Students will submit a concise essay (up to 500 words) that highlights how the knowledge gained from the digital lessons has equipped them to navigate financial decisions and challenges in their life and career.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $2,000 in educational funding Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://everfi.com/k-12/scholarships-contests/ Additional Information: Florida Eastern Star Grant Tuition Assistance Program Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Deadline: 01/01/2027 Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Requirements: PAPER APPLICATION - REQUEST FROM YOUR CAREER SPECIALIST OR SCHOOL COUNSELOR Class of 2027 Acceptance to a university, college, junior/community college or vocational institution of choice within the state of Florida Submission of 5-paragraph essay (500-800 words) on subject of &#39;Reflect on a historic event in the United States within your lietime and how the event has shaped or defined your patriotism." Make sure your name is in the essay document heading. Deadline: 01/01/2027 Website: https://floridaoes.org/ Additional Information: The FL Eastern Star Tuition Grant Program is awarded to students who are legal residents of Florida and who will be graduating from a Florida high school, including home school, in one of the 67 counties in 2027 and plan on attending an accredited university, college, junior/community college or vocational institution within the state of Florida. This is a one-time tuition grant. A total of $30,000 is to be split among the particular awardees depending upon the type of assistance payment. The applicant must submit a five-paragraph essay on the subject of : &#39;Reflect on a historic event in the United States wihin your lifetime and how the event has shaped or defined your patriotism.&#39; Submit completed and signed application no later than January 1, 2027. Package should include: Copy of acceptance to school of choice (if you have received) Essay Completed application Package can me emailed to: Judy Wilson P.G.M.; Member of the Finance Committee Email: floridaoestuitiongrantprogram@gmail.com Florida Kiwanis Foundation Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Requirements: &#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;Florida Kiwanis Foundation sponsors various scholarships; Pasco students are eligible for the ones listed below. Connect to the website to review specific requirements and deadlines. J. Walker Field Key Club Scholarship - This is a one time $1000 scholarship given to graduating Key Club members who exemplify the spirit of Kiwanis through service. In 2012, the Florida Kiwanis Foundation Board of Trustees created the J. Walker Field Scholarship in honor of the man who was accredited with the formation of the Florida Kiwanis Foundation. George &amp; Ann Langguth Scholarship - George Langguth has been Distinguished District Secretary numerous times. He holds life membership in Kiwanis International and the Florida District of Kiwanis. In his 46 years of Kiwanis membership, he has personally sponsored over 300 men and women into Kiwanis clubs to which he has belonged. Charles &amp; Emilia Gugliuzza CKI Scholarship - Through the generosity of 2014-15 Florida Kiwanis District Governor Charles Gugliuzza, the Florida Kiwanis Foundation is offering a $1,000 scholarship to an exceptional CKI Student. This scholarship is dedicated to Emilia Gugliuzza for her tireless efforts in helping to eliminate Maternal and Neonatal Tetanus. Wilton Manors Friends &amp; Family Scholarship -This Friends and Family Scholarship is the second offering from the Kiwanis Club of Wilton Manors. In partnership with the Florida Kiwanis Foundation, they believe that there is a need for those who wish to further their education, with a focus toward students that have a sincere desire to succeed, and may have difficulty qualifying for other scholarships or grants. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://floridakiwanisfoundation.org/scholarships/ Additional Information: Hillsborough Community College Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Requirements: HCC has several merit-based, career-based, and needs-based scholarships available to students. The HCC Foundation also offers a variety of scholarships. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.hccfl.edu/paying-college/financial-aid-and-scholarships/scholarships-grants-and-work-study/scholarships Additional Information: Horatio Alger Scholarships (Multiple) Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12, Adult Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12, Adult Requirements: National Junior Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school junior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate financial need ($100,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Be involved in co-curricular and community service activities Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Bergeron Everglades Environmental Steward Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the state of Florida Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at a college or university in Florida Must pursue a degree in environmental sciences/studies Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Denny Sanford Nova Southeastern University Scholarship &ndash; Fort Lauderdale, Florida Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, FL immediately after high school graduation Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen Patricia Cole Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree in business or STEM (science, technology, engineering, or mathematics) at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen State Scholarship &ndash; Florida Be enrolled full time as a high school junior in Florida Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Be involved in co-curricular and community service activities Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Vance Cryer Marine Corps Scholarship Be the child of a wounded or deceased United States Marine Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://horatioalger.org/scholarships-and-services/undergraduate-scholarships/ Additional Information: The Horatio Alger Scholarship Programs specifically assist high school students who have faced and overcome great obstacles in their young lives. The Horatio Alger Association seeks students who have exhibited determination, integrity, and perseverance in overcoming adversity, as well as have critical financial need. Hungry for Education Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Various requirements; depends on chosen scholarship. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.dennys.com/hfe-scholarships#K-12 Additional Information: National High School Oratorical Contest Scholarship Amount: $2,000 - $25,000 Grades: 6 - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: $2,000 - $25,000 Grades: 6 - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Eligible participants must be citizens of or lawful permanent residents of the United States. All contestants must be bona fide students herein described as any student under the age of 20 years on the date of the national contest who is presently enrolled in a high school or junior high school (public, parochial, military, private or home school). The curriculum of the school must be considered to be of high school level, commencing with grade 9 and terminating with grade 12. Students must be enrolled in high school or junior high school during the time of participation at any level of The American Legion National High School Oratorical Contest. Contestants must either be legally domiciled within or attend an educational institution within the department that they enter competition. To request more information, visit www.legion.org/oratorical/request . Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.legion.org/scholarships/oratorical Additional Information: Scholarships for Writers of Color Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: Entries should be 650 words or less. Students in 11th or 12th grades are eligible to enter. The contest is open to residents of the United States and its territories. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.writingclasses.com/community/scholarships-for-writers-of-color Additional Information: Scholarships for Writers of Color are available to all people of color&mdash;historically underrepresented non-white people&mdash;who aspire to improve their writing skills, either in the fields of creative writing or elsewhere. With more diversity, the world of writing becomes wiser and more vibrant. We offer the following scholarships, each of which will go to at least three winners on an annual basis. Scriptwriting Scholarship Choice of two scriptwriting courses (Online, Zoom, or NYC), plus a one-on-one Mentorship after completion of the courses. Application window: December 1, 2025 &ndash; February 15, 2026 College Admissions Essay Coaching Scholarship One-on-one sessions in our College Essay Coaching program Application window: March 1 &ndash; May 16 Learn More Publish a Book Scholarship Query Letter Coaching with a literary agent, plus a seat at a Pitching Roundtable at a Gotham Writers Conference, plus classes in How to Get Published and Nonfiction Book Proposal Application window: June 1 &ndash; August 16 Learn More Creative Writing Scholarship Choice of three creative writing courses (Online, Zoom, or NYC), plus a one-on-one Mentorship after completion of the three courses Application window: September 1 &ndash; November 17 Learn More Scholastic Art and Writing Awards Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12, Other Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12, Other Requirements: Artworks on current events are eligible for $2,000 scholarships. Works about personal grief, loss, and bereavement are eligible for $2,500 scholarships/travel funds. High School seniors submitting a portfolio of six works are eligible for scholarships of up to $12,500. Summer Scholarships - Full tuition scholarships are available to attend summer art or writing programs. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.artandwriting.org/scholarships/ Additional Information: The Scholastic Art & Writing Awards partner with dedicated individuals, foundations, and corporations to offer creative challenges and scholarship opportunities to students. University of Tampa Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Requirements: UT offers generous scholarships and grants based on academic achievement, talent and financial need. The following programs are available to new undergraduates seeking their first baccalaureate degree. All institutional grants and scholarships are available in the fall and spring semesters and require full-time enrollment, unless otherwise noted. Institutional scholarships and grants are a reduction on UT&#39;s full-time undergraduate tuition rate. Students must be assessed the full-time undergraduate tuition rate for the terms in which they seek to receive institutional scholarships and grants (exclusions for Study Abroad experiences apply). Annual scholarship and grant award amounts are divided evenly between the fall and spring semesters only. Scholarships are renewable annually and require a minimum GPA be maintained; see Financial Aid Renewal for more information. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.ut.edu/admissions/financial-aid/scholarships-and-grants Additional Information: USF Foundation Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Whatever your passion, there are a number of scholarships for you to consider. To view all available scholarships, please click here . NEED &amp; MERIT BASED SCHOLARSHIPS USF WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP &amp; PHILANTHROPY AFRICAN AMERICAN SCHOLARSHIPS ACCESSIBILITIES SCHOLARSHIPS BLACK LEADERSHIP NETWORK LATINO SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://foundation.usf.edu/here/scholarship-office/available-scholarships Additional Information: The USF Foundation Scholarship Office is here to offer support to the USF student community through scholarship aid from USF Foundation donors. We are committed to being the best resource of customer service to past, present and future USF students and educating and encouraging the development of these students into future philanthropists. USF Scholarships &amp; Fellowships Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Requirements: Scholarships are based on academic merit, extracurricular activities (e.g., community service organizations, ROTC, Robotics, etc.), talents, or demographics. Some scholarships consider financial need and will require that you complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). After you submit your initial application, we encourage you to check periodically to see if any additional scholarships become available. Please note: You must activate your USF NetID and email to log in to the scholarship application and begin applying for scholarships. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.usf.edu/financial-aid/scholarships/ Additional Information: Apply Tampa Bay Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12, Adult, Other Requirements: Find scholarships for students in the Tampa Bay area! Welcome to the Apply Tampa Bay Scholarship Search. This website is a free resource for college and workforce students in the Tampa Bay area. No login is required, and we don&#39;t ask for your personal information. Simply tell us what you&#39;re looking for and we&#39;ll show you quality scholarship opportunities. This search serves students in Citrus, Hernando, Hillsborough, Manatee, Pasco, Pinellas, Polk, and Sarasota counties. Deadline: ongoing Website: https://applytampabay.org/ Category: General Additional Information: Army ROTC Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: Be a U.S. citizen Be between the ages of 17 and 26 Have a high school GPA of at least 2.50 Have a high school diploma or equivalent Score a minimum of 1000 on the SAT (math/verbal) or 19 on the ACT (excluding the required writing test scores) Meet physical standards Agree to accept a commission and serve in the Army on Active Duty or in a Reserve Component (Army Reserve or Army National Guard) Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.goarmy.com/rotc/scholarships.html Category: Additional Information: The Four-Year High School Scholarship is for high school students planning on attending a four-year college program. Contact your high school academic advisor or campus Military Science department for more information. Army ROTC scholarships consist of: Two-, three-, and four-year scholarship options based on the time remaining to complete your degree Full-tuition scholarships The option for room and board in place of tuition, if you should qualify Additional allowances for books and fees Ayn Rand Institue Scholarship - &#8216;Anthem&#8217; Amount: $2,000 Grades: 6 - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Contest is open to students worldwide, except where void or prohibited by law. Essays must be written in English only. Essays must be submitted electronically through the online portal. Essay must be no fewer than 600 and no more than 1,200 words in length, double-spaced. Deadline: 10/31/2026 Website: https://aynrand.org/students/essay-contests/anthem/ Category: Additional Information: Have you ever read one of Ayn Rand&rsquo;s thought-provoking novels? Now&rsquo;s the time! Enter an Ayn Rand Institute essay contest and you&rsquo;ll have a chance to win thousands of dollars in prize money. ARI has held student essay contests on Ayn Rand&rsquo;s fiction since 1986, awarding over $2.2 million in prize money to contest winners! This year we will award more than $40,000 to hundreds of students worldwide. College Board Opportunity Scholarships Amount: $500 - $40,000 Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: The College Board Opportunity Scholarships program is open to all class of 2026 students in the United States, Puerto Rico and the US territories. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://opportunity.collegeboard.org/ Category: General Additional Information: The more effort you put in, the more opportunities you have to earn a scholarship. Complete all six steps, and you&rsquo;re eligible to earn $40,000. Scholarships will be awarded through monthly drawings to students who complete each action. Applying to college is a complicated process, so we&#39;ve created a program that guides you through it. It doesn&#39;t require an essay, application, or minimum GPA. Instead, it rewards your effort and initiative. Complete key steps along your path to college for a chance to earn scholarships. EVERFI Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Depends on selected scholarship: Credit Worthy National Scholarship Contest - The Credit Worthy Scholarship Contest is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed Build: Credit Fundamentals , or at least 3 lessons of another course offered in the Credit Worthy program presented by OneMain Financial. Students will submit a short essay about what you learned and how the Credit Worthy program by OneMain Financial has made an impact on them for a chance to win; Application Deadlines: January 6, 2026 and April 30, 2026; Prize: $1,000 in educational funding Accounting Careers National Scholarship Contest - Accounting+ will be awarding twenty students nationally $5,000 in educational funding. The Accounting Careers: Limitless Opportunities Scholarship is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed at least one Accounting Careers: Limitless Opportunities course lesson. Students must submit a 300&ndash;500-word essay for a chance to win.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $5,000 in educational funding DataSetGO: Distinguished Data Scientist Award - Principal Foundation will be awarding ten students nationally $5,000 in educational funding. The DataSetGO: Distinguished Data Scientist award is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed at least one Data Science Foundations course lesson in select states*. Students must submit a 300&ndash;500-word essay for a chance to win.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $5,000 in educational funding Truist Financial Foundations Scholarship Contest - Truist will be awarding four students with $2,000 in educational funding. The Truist Financial Foundations Scholarship Contest is open to students* who have completed at least three Everfi: Financial Literacy for High School lessons. Students will submit a concise essay (up to 500 words) that highlights how the knowledge gained from the digital lessons has equipped them to navigate financial decisions and challenges in their life and career.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $2,000 in educational funding Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://everfi.com/k-12/scholarships-contests/ Category: Additional Information: Florida Eastern Star Grant Tuition Assistance Program Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Requirements: PAPER APPLICATION - REQUEST FROM YOUR CAREER SPECIALIST OR SCHOOL COUNSELOR Class of 2027 Acceptance to a university, college, junior/community college or vocational institution of choice within the state of Florida Submission of 5-paragraph essay (500-800 words) on subject of &#39;Reflect on a historic event in the United States within your lietime and how the event has shaped or defined your patriotism." Make sure your name is in the essay document heading. Deadline: 01/01/2027 Website: https://floridaoes.org/ Category: General Additional Information: The FL Eastern Star Tuition Grant Program is awarded to students who are legal residents of Florida and who will be graduating from a Florida high school, including home school, in one of the 67 counties in 2027 and plan on attending an accredited university, college, junior/community college or vocational institution within the state of Florida. This is a one-time tuition grant. A total of $30,000 is to be split among the particular awardees depending upon the type of assistance payment. The applicant must submit a five-paragraph essay on the subject of : &#39;Reflect on a historic event in the United States wihin your lifetime and how the event has shaped or defined your patriotism.&#39; Submit completed and signed application no later than January 1, 2027. Package should include: Copy of acceptance to school of choice (if you have received) Essay Completed application Package can me emailed to: Judy Wilson P.G.M.; Member of the Finance Committee Email: floridaoestuitiongrantprogram@gmail.com Florida Kiwanis Foundation Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Requirements: &#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;Florida Kiwanis Foundation sponsors various scholarships; Pasco students are eligible for the ones listed below. Connect to the website to review specific requirements and deadlines. J. Walker Field Key Club Scholarship - This is a one time $1000 scholarship given to graduating Key Club members who exemplify the spirit of Kiwanis through service. In 2012, the Florida Kiwanis Foundation Board of Trustees created the J. Walker Field Scholarship in honor of the man who was accredited with the formation of the Florida Kiwanis Foundation. George &amp; Ann Langguth Scholarship - George Langguth has been Distinguished District Secretary numerous times. He holds life membership in Kiwanis International and the Florida District of Kiwanis. In his 46 years of Kiwanis membership, he has personally sponsored over 300 men and women into Kiwanis clubs to which he has belonged. Charles &amp; Emilia Gugliuzza CKI Scholarship - Through the generosity of 2014-15 Florida Kiwanis District Governor Charles Gugliuzza, the Florida Kiwanis Foundation is offering a $1,000 scholarship to an exceptional CKI Student. This scholarship is dedicated to Emilia Gugliuzza for her tireless efforts in helping to eliminate Maternal and Neonatal Tetanus. Wilton Manors Friends &amp; Family Scholarship -This Friends and Family Scholarship is the second offering from the Kiwanis Club of Wilton Manors. In partnership with the Florida Kiwanis Foundation, they believe that there is a need for those who wish to further their education, with a focus toward students that have a sincere desire to succeed, and may have difficulty qualifying for other scholarships or grants. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://floridakiwanisfoundation.org/scholarships/ Category: Additional Information: Hillsborough Community College Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Requirements: HCC has several merit-based, career-based, and needs-based scholarships available to students. The HCC Foundation also offers a variety of scholarships. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.hccfl.edu/paying-college/financial-aid-and-scholarships/scholarships-grants-and-work-study/scholarships Category: Additional Information: Horatio Alger Scholarships (Multiple) Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12, Adult Requirements: National Junior Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school junior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate financial need ($100,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Be involved in co-curricular and community service activities Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Bergeron Everglades Environmental Steward Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the state of Florida Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at a college or university in Florida Must pursue a degree in environmental sciences/studies Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Denny Sanford Nova Southeastern University Scholarship &ndash; Fort Lauderdale, Florida Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, FL immediately after high school graduation Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen Patricia Cole Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree in business or STEM (science, technology, engineering, or mathematics) at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen State Scholarship &ndash; Florida Be enrolled full time as a high school junior in Florida Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Be involved in co-curricular and community service activities Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Vance Cryer Marine Corps Scholarship Be the child of a wounded or deceased United States Marine Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://horatioalger.org/scholarships-and-services/undergraduate-scholarships/ Category: Additional Information: The Horatio Alger Scholarship Programs specifically assist high school students who have faced and overcome great obstacles in their young lives. The Horatio Alger Association seeks students who have exhibited determination, integrity, and perseverance in overcoming adversity, as well as have critical financial need. Hungry for Education Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Various requirements; depends on chosen scholarship. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.dennys.com/hfe-scholarships#K-12 Category: Additional Information: National High School Oratorical Contest Scholarship Amount: $2,000 - $25,000 Grades: 6 - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Eligible participants must be citizens of or lawful permanent residents of the United States. All contestants must be bona fide students herein described as any student under the age of 20 years on the date of the national contest who is presently enrolled in a high school or junior high school (public, parochial, military, private or home school). The curriculum of the school must be considered to be of high school level, commencing with grade 9 and terminating with grade 12. Students must be enrolled in high school or junior high school during the time of participation at any level of The American Legion National High School Oratorical Contest. Contestants must either be legally domiciled within or attend an educational institution within the department that they enter competition. To request more information, visit www.legion.org/oratorical/request . Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.legion.org/scholarships/oratorical Category: Additional Information: Scholarships for Writers of Color Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: Entries should be 650 words or less. Students in 11th or 12th grades are eligible to enter. The contest is open to residents of the United States and its territories. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.writingclasses.com/community/scholarships-for-writers-of-color Category: Additional Information: Scholarships for Writers of Color are available to all people of color&mdash;historically underrepresented non-white people&mdash;who aspire to improve their writing skills, either in the fields of creative writing or elsewhere. With more diversity, the world of writing becomes wiser and more vibrant. We offer the following scholarships, each of which will go to at least three winners on an annual basis. Scriptwriting Scholarship Choice of two scriptwriting courses (Online, Zoom, or NYC), plus a one-on-one Mentorship after completion of the courses. Application window: December 1, 2025 &ndash; February 15, 2026 College Admissions Essay Coaching Scholarship One-on-one sessions in our College Essay Coaching program Application window: March 1 &ndash; May 16 Learn More Publish a Book Scholarship Query Letter Coaching with a literary agent, plus a seat at a Pitching Roundtable at a Gotham Writers Conference, plus classes in How to Get Published and Nonfiction Book Proposal Application window: June 1 &ndash; August 16 Learn More Creative Writing Scholarship Choice of three creative writing courses (Online, Zoom, or NYC), plus a one-on-one Mentorship after completion of the three courses Application window: September 1 &ndash; November 17 Learn More Scholastic Art and Writing Awards Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12, Other Requirements: Artworks on current events are eligible for $2,000 scholarships. Works about personal grief, loss, and bereavement are eligible for $2,500 scholarships/travel funds. High School seniors submitting a portfolio of six works are eligible for scholarships of up to $12,500. Summer Scholarships - Full tuition scholarships are available to attend summer art or writing programs. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.artandwriting.org/scholarships/ Category: General Additional Information: The Scholastic Art & Writing Awards partner with dedicated individuals, foundations, and corporations to offer creative challenges and scholarship opportunities to students. University of Tampa Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Requirements: UT offers generous scholarships and grants based on academic achievement, talent and financial need. The following programs are available to new undergraduates seeking their first baccalaureate degree. All institutional grants and scholarships are available in the fall and spring semesters and require full-time enrollment, unless otherwise noted. Institutional scholarships and grants are a reduction on UT&#39;s full-time undergraduate tuition rate. Students must be assessed the full-time undergraduate tuition rate for the terms in which they seek to receive institutional scholarships and grants (exclusions for Study Abroad experiences apply). Annual scholarship and grant award amounts are divided evenly between the fall and spring semesters only. Scholarships are renewable annually and require a minimum GPA be maintained; see Financial Aid Renewal for more information. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.ut.edu/admissions/financial-aid/scholarships-and-grants Category: Additional Information: USF Foundation Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Whatever your passion, there are a number of scholarships for you to consider. To view all available scholarships, please click here . NEED &amp; MERIT BASED SCHOLARSHIPS USF WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP &amp; PHILANTHROPY AFRICAN AMERICAN SCHOLARSHIPS ACCESSIBILITIES SCHOLARSHIPS BLACK LEADERSHIP NETWORK LATINO SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://foundation.usf.edu/here/scholarship-office/available-scholarships Category: Additional Information: The USF Foundation Scholarship Office is here to offer support to the USF student community through scholarship aid from USF Foundation donors. We are committed to being the best resource of customer service to past, present and future USF students and educating and encouraging the development of these students into future philanthropists. USF Scholarships &amp; Fellowships Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Requirements: Scholarships are based on academic merit, extracurricular activities (e.g., community service organizations, ROTC, Robotics, etc.), talents, or demographics. Some scholarships consider financial need and will require that you complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). After you submit your initial application, we encourage you to check periodically to see if any additional scholarships become available. Please note: You must activate your USF NetID and email to log in to the scholarship application and begin applying for scholarships. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.usf.edu/financial-aid/scholarships/ Category: Additional Information: College Board Opportunity Scholarships Amount: $500 - $40,000 Grades: 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: $500 - $40,000 Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: The College Board Opportunity Scholarships program is open to all class of 2026 students in the United States, Puerto Rico and the US territories. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://opportunity.collegeboard.org/ Additional Information: The more effort you put in, the more opportunities you have to earn a scholarship. Complete all six steps, and you&rsquo;re eligible to earn $40,000. Scholarships will be awarded through monthly drawings to students who complete each action. Applying to college is a complicated process, so we&#39;ve created a program that guides you through it. It doesn&#39;t require an essay, application, or minimum GPA. Instead, it rewards your effort and initiative. Complete key steps along your path to college for a chance to earn scholarships. Scholastic Art and Writing Awards Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12, Other Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12, Other Requirements: Artworks on current events are eligible for $2,000 scholarships. Works about personal grief, loss, and bereavement are eligible for $2,500 scholarships/travel funds. High School seniors submitting a portfolio of six works are eligible for scholarships of up to $12,500. Summer Scholarships - Full tuition scholarships are available to attend summer art or writing programs. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.artandwriting.org/scholarships/ Additional Information: The Scholastic Art & Writing Awards partner with dedicated individuals, foundations, and corporations to offer creative challenges and scholarship opportunities to students. National High School Oratorical Contest Scholarship Amount: $2,000 - $25,000 Grades: 6 - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: $2,000 - $25,000 Grades: 6 - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Eligible participants must be citizens of or lawful permanent residents of the United States. All contestants must be bona fide students herein described as any student under the age of 20 years on the date of the national contest who is presently enrolled in a high school or junior high school (public, parochial, military, private or home school). The curriculum of the school must be considered to be of high school level, commencing with grade 9 and terminating with grade 12. Students must be enrolled in high school or junior high school during the time of participation at any level of The American Legion National High School Oratorical Contest. Contestants must either be legally domiciled within or attend an educational institution within the department that they enter competition. To request more information, visit www.legion.org/oratorical/request . Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.legion.org/scholarships/oratorical Additional Information: Army ROTC Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: Be a U.S. citizen Be between the ages of 17 and 26 Have a high school GPA of at least 2.50 Have a high school diploma or equivalent Score a minimum of 1000 on the SAT (math/verbal) or 19 on the ACT (excluding the required writing test scores) Meet physical standards Agree to accept a commission and serve in the Army on Active Duty or in a Reserve Component (Army Reserve or Army National Guard) Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.goarmy.com/rotc/scholarships.html Additional Information: The Four-Year High School Scholarship is for high school students planning on attending a four-year college program. Contact your high school academic advisor or campus Military Science department for more information. Army ROTC scholarships consist of: Two-, three-, and four-year scholarship options based on the time remaining to complete your degree Full-tuition scholarships The option for room and board in place of tuition, if you should qualify Additional allowances for books and fees USF Foundation Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Whatever your passion, there are a number of scholarships for you to consider. To view all available scholarships, please click here . NEED &amp; MERIT BASED SCHOLARSHIPS USF WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP &amp; PHILANTHROPY AFRICAN AMERICAN SCHOLARSHIPS ACCESSIBILITIES SCHOLARSHIPS BLACK LEADERSHIP NETWORK LATINO SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://foundation.usf.edu/here/scholarship-office/available-scholarships Additional Information: The USF Foundation Scholarship Office is here to offer support to the USF student community through scholarship aid from USF Foundation donors. We are committed to being the best resource of customer service to past, present and future USF students and educating and encouraging the development of these students into future philanthropists. Horatio Alger Scholarships (Multiple) Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12, Adult Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12, Adult Requirements: National Junior Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school junior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate financial need ($100,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Be involved in co-curricular and community service activities Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Bergeron Everglades Environmental Steward Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the state of Florida Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at a college or university in Florida Must pursue a degree in environmental sciences/studies Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Denny Sanford Nova Southeastern University Scholarship &ndash; Fort Lauderdale, Florida Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, FL immediately after high school graduation Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen Patricia Cole Scholarship Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree in business or STEM (science, technology, engineering, or mathematics) at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen State Scholarship &ndash; Florida Be enrolled full time as a high school junior in Florida Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Be involved in co-curricular and community service activities Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0 Be a United States citizen Vance Cryer Marine Corps Scholarship Be the child of a wounded or deceased United States Marine Be enrolled full time as a high school senior in the United States Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor&rsquo;s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution) Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required) Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.5 Be a United States citizen Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://horatioalger.org/scholarships-and-services/undergraduate-scholarships/ Additional Information: The Horatio Alger Scholarship Programs specifically assist high school students who have faced and overcome great obstacles in their young lives. The Horatio Alger Association seeks students who have exhibited determination, integrity, and perseverance in overcoming adversity, as well as have critical financial need. Scholarships for Writers of Color Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 11, 12 Requirements: Entries should be 650 words or less. Students in 11th or 12th grades are eligible to enter. The contest is open to residents of the United States and its territories. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.writingclasses.com/community/scholarships-for-writers-of-color Additional Information: Scholarships for Writers of Color are available to all people of color&mdash;historically underrepresented non-white people&mdash;who aspire to improve their writing skills, either in the fields of creative writing or elsewhere. With more diversity, the world of writing becomes wiser and more vibrant. We offer the following scholarships, each of which will go to at least three winners on an annual basis. Scriptwriting Scholarship Choice of two scriptwriting courses (Online, Zoom, or NYC), plus a one-on-one Mentorship after completion of the courses. Application window: December 1, 2025 &ndash; February 15, 2026 College Admissions Essay Coaching Scholarship One-on-one sessions in our College Essay Coaching program Application window: March 1 &ndash; May 16 Learn More Publish a Book Scholarship Query Letter Coaching with a literary agent, plus a seat at a Pitching Roundtable at a Gotham Writers Conference, plus classes in How to Get Published and Nonfiction Book Proposal Application window: June 1 &ndash; August 16 Learn More Creative Writing Scholarship Choice of three creative writing courses (Online, Zoom, or NYC), plus a one-on-one Mentorship after completion of the three courses Application window: September 1 &ndash; November 17 Learn More EVERFI Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 9, 10, 11, 12 Requirements: Depends on selected scholarship: Credit Worthy National Scholarship Contest - The Credit Worthy Scholarship Contest is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed Build: Credit Fundamentals , or at least 3 lessons of another course offered in the Credit Worthy program presented by OneMain Financial. Students will submit a short essay about what you learned and how the Credit Worthy program by OneMain Financial has made an impact on them for a chance to win; Application Deadlines: January 6, 2026 and April 30, 2026; Prize: $1,000 in educational funding Accounting Careers National Scholarship Contest - Accounting+ will be awarding twenty students nationally $5,000 in educational funding. The Accounting Careers: Limitless Opportunities Scholarship is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed at least one Accounting Careers: Limitless Opportunities course lesson. Students must submit a 300&ndash;500-word essay for a chance to win.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $5,000 in educational funding DataSetGO: Distinguished Data Scientist Award - Principal Foundation will be awarding ten students nationally $5,000 in educational funding. The DataSetGO: Distinguished Data Scientist award is open to U.S. high school students between 13&ndash;19 years old who have completed at least one Data Science Foundations course lesson in select states*. Students must submit a 300&ndash;500-word essay for a chance to win.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $5,000 in educational funding Truist Financial Foundations Scholarship Contest - Truist will be awarding four students with $2,000 in educational funding. The Truist Financial Foundations Scholarship Contest is open to students* who have completed at least three Everfi: Financial Literacy for High School lessons. Students will submit a concise essay (up to 500 words) that highlights how the knowledge gained from the digital lessons has equipped them to navigate financial decisions and challenges in their life and career.; Application Deadline: April 30, 2026; Prize: $2,000 in educational funding Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://everfi.com/k-12/scholarships-contests/ Additional Information: Florida Kiwanis Foundation Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Requirements: &#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;&#8203;Florida Kiwanis Foundation sponsors various scholarships; Pasco students are eligible for the ones listed below. Connect to the website to review specific requirements and deadlines. J. Walker Field Key Club Scholarship - This is a one time $1000 scholarship given to graduating Key Club members who exemplify the spirit of Kiwanis through service. In 2012, the Florida Kiwanis Foundation Board of Trustees created the J. Walker Field Scholarship in honor of the man who was accredited with the formation of the Florida Kiwanis Foundation. George &amp; Ann Langguth Scholarship - George Langguth has been Distinguished District Secretary numerous times. He holds life membership in Kiwanis International and the Florida District of Kiwanis. In his 46 years of Kiwanis membership, he has personally sponsored over 300 men and women into Kiwanis clubs to which he has belonged. Charles &amp; Emilia Gugliuzza CKI Scholarship - Through the generosity of 2014-15 Florida Kiwanis District Governor Charles Gugliuzza, the Florida Kiwanis Foundation is offering a $1,000 scholarship to an exceptional CKI Student. This scholarship is dedicated to Emilia Gugliuzza for her tireless efforts in helping to eliminate Maternal and Neonatal Tetanus. Wilton Manors Friends &amp; Family Scholarship -This Friends and Family Scholarship is the second offering from the Kiwanis Club of Wilton Manors. In partnership with the Florida Kiwanis Foundation, they believe that there is a need for those who wish to further their education, with a focus toward students that have a sincere desire to succeed, and may have difficulty qualifying for other scholarships or grants. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://floridakiwanisfoundation.org/scholarships/ Additional Information: USF Scholarships &amp; Fellowships Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 12 Requirements: Scholarships are based on academic merit, extracurricular activities (e.g., community service organizations, ROTC, Robotics, etc.), talents, or demographics. Some scholarships consider financial need and will require that you complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). After you submit your initial application, we encourage you to check periodically to see if any additional scholarships become available. Please note: You must activate your USF NetID and email to log in to the scholarship application and begin applying for scholarships. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.usf.edu/financial-aid/scholarships/ Additional Information: Hillsborough Community College Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Requirements: HCC has several merit-based, career-based, and needs-based scholarships available to students. The HCC Foundation also offers a variety of scholarships. Deadline: Ongoing Website: https://www.hccfl.edu/paying-college/financial-aid-and-scholarships/scholarships-grants-and-work-study/scholarships Additional Information: University of Tampa Scholarships Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Deadline: Ongoing Amount: Varies Grades: 12, Adult, Other Requirements: UT offers generous scholarships and grants based on academic achievement, talent and financial need. The following programs are available to new undergraduates seeking their first baccalaureate degree. All institutional grants and scholarships are available 
