URL: https://internationalstudiesprep.net/wp-content/uploads/2026/02/CAP-Scholarship-Bulletin-March-2026.pdf
ORG: International Studies Preparatory Academy - CAP Scholarship Bulletin-March 2026
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
March Name Amount AwardedDeadline RequirementsPath to Prosperity Scholarship Program (Powered by FPL) 1,000 students will receive 2-Year College Scholarships over the next four years.Spring (see website for more information)- Reside in a Path to Prosperity program priority zip code- Become a member or be an existing member in good standing with one of the identified community partners: Boys & Girls Clubs Florida Alliance, Big Brothers Big Sisters Association of Florida- Be a resident of the State of Florida, have a valid Social Security Number, have not completed the 12th grade and be under the age of 21- Remain drug- and crime-free- Be active in your Big Brothers Big Sisters mentoring experience/relationship- Be in good standing and on track to graduate/promote successfully at the end of the current school year- Plan to apply, have applied, or have been accepted into a Florida vocational/technical institution, college, university, or have already declared their enrollment in the U.S. MilitaryIn addition to meeting Path to Prosperity program criteria, applicants will also need to:- Be a current 11th or 12th grader residing in a Path to Prosperity zip code within the FPL service area- Complete the Florida Prepaid College Foundation (FPCF) application and supply supporting documents to include:- Document confirming at least one year of Florida Residency (e.g., driver’s license, voter registration, or school report cards)- Proof of economic eligibility (e.g., Medicaid, SNAP benefits, HUD “Very Low” qualification, or free/reduced lunch along with a copy of IRS Form 1040). Only one form of support is required. College Board Big Future ScholarshipIf you are an eligible student, by completing a college planning step using your College Board account, you will automatically earn a chance to win a $500 scholarship and an additional chance to win a $40,000 scholarship. Monthly Must attend a public, private, or home school, located in one of the fifty (50) United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, or any other U.S. territories and possessions, or are U.S. Citizens or residents who attend a U.S. Department of Defense Education Activity (“DoDEA”) school outside of the United States and U.S. territories. ACS Scholars Program$1,000 - $5,000 03/01 - U.S. citizens or a legal permanent U.S. residents (Please inquire via email if you have questions regarding asylum or DACA status.)- African-American/Black, Hispanic/Latino, or American Indian - Graduating high school seniors or college freshmen, sophomores or juniors. Seniors can apply for their fifth year.- Those intending to major or are already majoring in chemistry, biochemistry, chemical engineering, chemical technology, or another chemistry-related science AND planning to pursue a career in a chemistry-related science as well (The entire list of majors can be seen on their website.)- Full-time students at a high school or an accredited college, university, or community college- Those demonstrating high academic achievement in chemistry or science- Unweighted GPA of 3.0 or higher- Transcript- 2 letters of recommendation- Student Aid Report (SAR)AFA Teens Awareness College Scholarship $5,000 03/01 Currently be a high school seniorCurrently reside in the US as a citizenMust attend an accredited college/university in the US immediately following high school graduation in 2026 (no gap year/semester) American Chemical Society Scholars Program $5,000 03/01 - U.S. citizens or a legal permanent U.S. residents (please inquire via email if you have questions regarding asylum or DACA status), African descent or Black, Hispanic or Latina/Latino/Latinx, or Indigenous (e.g. Native American, Native Hawaiian, Pacific Islander, Alaskan Native) (please see website for more details). - Graduating high school seniors or college freshmen, sophomores or juniors. Seniors can apply for their fifth year. - Those intending to major or are already majoring in chemistry, biochemistry, chemical engineering, chemical technology, or another chemistry-related science AND planning to pursue a career in a chemistry-related science as well (please see website for more details). - Full-time students at a high school or an accredited college, university, or community college.- Those demonstrating high academic achievement in chemistry or science (Grade Point Average 3.0 or higher). American Legion Eagle Scout of the Year Scholarship (1) $10,000(2) $2,500 03/01 - Be either a registered active member of a Boy Scouts of America unit that is chartered to an American Legion post, American Legion Auxiliary unit or Sons of The American Legion squadron.- Be a registered active member of any chartered Boy Scouts of America unit and have a parent or grandparent possessing up-to-date membership in The American Legion or Sons of The American Legion or American Legion Auxiliary, and in the case of a recently deceased member, their membership for the year immediately prior to the current year may be used.- Received the Eagle Scout Award. - Received a Scouts BSA or Venturer Religious Emblem. - Have demonstrated practical citizenship in church, school, Scouting and community. - Have reached their 15th birthday and be enrolled in high school at the time of selection. - Applied through the department (state) in which their Scout unit is chartered. - Provide documentation of current BSA membership. (Membership must be valid for the year in which you are applying).American Welding Society National Scholarships $10,000 03/01 For National Scholarships:- Two letters of recommendations are required.- Applicant must have an official transcript sent by email or mail directly from the school or third-party transcript provider.- Some National Scholarships require demonstrated financial need, which means the cost of attendance exceeds the Student Aid Index (SAI) as found on the FAFSA Submission Summary. The FAFSA Submission Summary must be submitted in addition to cost of attendance documentation to be eligible for these scholarships.- Some scholarships require, or have a preference for, applicants to be a member of AWS. Caminos al FuturoA fully funded, pre-college and residential summer program. During the three-week intensive program, Caminos scholars examine the social, economic and political transformations affecting the Hispanic/Latino community in a college-like environment. Participants get a first-hand view of policymaking in the nation’s capital with visits to Congress, government agencies and leading non-profits. The program also includes lectures and small-group meetings with university professors and national Latino leaders. 03/01 - Students currently attending high school in the United States who will have finished their junior year (11th grade) by Summer 2024 and who have demonstrated their commitment to the Hispanic/Latinx community. Citizenship is not considered, but students must reside within the United States.- Online application- Transcript- Three short essay responses- (1) letter of recommendation Cancer Unwrapped Teen Writing Scholarship (20) $1,000 03/01 Learning about a cancer diagnosis – your own or that of a loved one – can cause a storm of emotions, and everyone experiences it differently. We want to know what this experience was like for you. Did you feel angry, sad, lonely, or maybe something you didn’t expect? What happened in your life, and did it change you or your perspectives? We invite you to submit a short essay about your experience with cancer for the opportunity to win cash prizes. Children of Warriors National Scholarship$5,000 03/01 - Candidates for this award shall be direct descendants of veterans who served in the United States Armed Forces during eligibility dates for membership in The American Legion: April 6, 1917, to November 11, 1918; and any time after December 7, 1941. Membership in The American Legion Family is not required for this scholarship.- Applicants must be in their senior year of high school.- This is a scholarship to attend an accredited institution of higher education.- Applicants must complete 50 hours of volunteer service within the community during their high school years. Hours must be verified in writing by the recipient organization(s).- Essay answers must have a minimum of 600 characters in length. This requirement ensures that responses are detailed enough to fully address the question given. All essays will be reviewed using AI tools to help ensure originality. These tools assist in identifying potential plagiarism and detecting AI-generated content. Applicants that rely heavily on AI will be disqualified.- Completed applications are DUE ON OR BEFORE MARCH 1, 2026, 11:59 PM Eastern.- Judging, at all levels, shall be on the following basis:- 30% - Character/Leadership- 30% - Essay/Application- 40% - Academic Achievement- THE DECISION OF THE JUDGES SHALL BE FINAL. Coral Gables Community FoundationVaries from $1,000 to $5,00003/01 - Carlos F. Garcia Perseverance Scholarship - Any public or private high school senior in Miami-Dade County. - Ervin A. Gonzalez / Coral Gables Bar Scholarship - Public or private high school in Coral Gables OR Immaculata LaSalle in Coconut Grove. - Kerdyk Family Trust Music Scholarship - Any Coral Gables residents (and Coral Gables High School students) studying music. - Julian Perez Memorial Scholarship - Boys at MAST Academy on Virginia Key and Coral Gables High School. - Dave Ragan Jr. Memorial Golf Scholarship - Public or private high school anywhere in Miami-Dade OR Jefferson County, Alabama. - Jeannett Slesnick Community Spirit Scholarship - Students from Miami Senior High; International Studies Preparatory Academy and Coral Gables High. - Luke Sturgill Memorial Scholarship - Coral Gables residents OR attend high school in Coral Gables interested in vocational training.Engebretson Foundation Scholarship$5,000 per semester03/01 - Be a graduating senior from a United States high school.- Plan to attend a 4-year college.- Be in need of financial assistance in order to attend a 4-year college.- Have achieved a score of 28 composite or higher on the ACT exam (or at least 1240 on the SAT).- Have achieved at least a 3.75 GPA or above and/or top 5% of graduating class.- Have applied for federal financial aid and have already received back the Student Aid Report that contains your Expected Family Contribution (EFC)/Student Aid Index (SAI).- Applicant does not have to be Pell eligible to qualify for the scholarship.- Students obtaining dual enrollment credits while in high school are still eligible to apply.- Due to the number of applications received, the Engebretson Foundation will only notify the winning recipient.- Need to complete application for scholarship and teacher recommendation formHoratio Alger National Scholarship- Awarded up to $25,000 and the title of "National Scholar"- National Scholars receive an all-expenses paid trip to Washington, D.C., during the spring of their senior year to participate in the National Scholars Conference. 03/01 - Be enrolled full time as a high school junior or senior in the United States- Exhibit a strong commitment to pursue and complete a bachelor’s degree at an accredited non-profit public or private institution in the United States immediately after high school graduation (students may start their studies at a two-year institution and then transfer to a four-year institution)- Demonstrate critical financial need ($65,000 or lower adjusted gross family income is required)- Be involved in co-curricular and community service activities- Display integrity and perseverance in overcoming adversity- Maintain a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 2.0- Be a United States citizen Johnson Scholarship FoundationVaries 03/01 - Students who are enrolled or planning to enroll in a full-time course of study at an accredited four-year college or university, community college, state college, or vocational-technical school in Florida. Students may attend a proprietary vocational-technical school as long as the school is accredited. - Children of regular full-time* UPS employees or permanent part-time** employees. - The UPS employee must currently reside in Florida and have resided in Florida for the immediately preceding twelve months prior to the application deadline date. - The UPS employee must have a minimum of one year employment with the company as of the application deadline date. - The UPS employee must be employed by UPS at the time the award is announced.- Children of UPS retirees*** and deceased UPS employees who were employed at UPS and met the above stated employee requirements as of the time of retirement or death are also eligible. Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation Scholarships $40,000 03/01 - Child or step-child of one of the following: •Active duty, Reserve, or veteran* U.S. Marine •A Marine killed while serving in the U.S. Marine Corps • Active duty, reserve, or veteran U.S. Navy Corpsman, Navy Chaplain or Religious Program Specialist who is or was attached to a U.S. Marine Corps unit or who was killed while serving with a U.S. Marine Corps unit - Minimum 2.00 GPA- Demonstrate financial need through a family adjusted gross income of $117,000 or less for the 2022 tax year- Attending or planning to attend an accredited school that is eligible for federal funding- Submit a completed application with all required documents by the deadline- * Veterans must have received an honorable discharge. National Catholic Committee on Schouting Scholarhips $5,000 03/01 - Be a practicing Catholic- Be a full-time high school senior- Be a registered young man or woman actively involved with a Scout Troop, Venturing Crew, or Sea Scout Ship- Earned the Eagle Scout, Summit Award, or Quartermaster Award- Earned the Ad Altare Dei, Pope Pius XII, or Light is Life (Eastern Rite) Religious Emblem- Provided service and leadership to your Church, community, school and Scouting National Italian American Foundation Scholarships $12,000 03/01 Applicants must:- Have an active NIAF Membership. NIAF memberships are valid for one year from the date of registration. (Memberships are non-refundable.) Students may use their parent, guardian or grandparent’s membership.- Be enrolled in a US-accredited institution of higher education on a full-time basis for the Fall semester- Have a GPA of at least 3.5 out of 4.0 (or the equivalent). (Some scholarships require a lower GPA for eligibility. Students in a pass-fail system are also eligible.)- Be a United States Citizen or permanent resident alien.- Have Italian American ancestry. To be considered Italian American, the student must have at least one ancestor who has immigrated from Italy Project Yellow Light Billboard Contest$2,000 03/01 High school juniors and seniors between the ages of 14 and 20 who will complete graduation requirements by or before July 31, 2024 or 2025, and undergraduate college students between the ages of 15 and 25. The winning applicants will receive a scholarship toward the school of their choice (college, university, junior college or technical school) or associated school fees. Society of Exploration GeophysicistsScholarships range from $500 to $10,000 USD per academic year; average awards are approximately $2,600. 03/01 - Is a high school senior planning to attend college next year or an undergraduate or graduate college student;- Has above average grades;- Is intending to pursue a college curriculum directed toward a career in applied geophysics.- Students must include current transcripts.- Must include email addresses for two faculty members who have agreed to serve as references.- Complete the online application. Summer Academy for Math and Science (SAMS) As SAMS Scholars, students engage in a rigorous curriculum taught by Carnegie Mellon University's renowned faculty and staff who are deeply committed to student success. The program allows students to develop a deeper understanding of STEM via traditional classroom instruction, through hands-on projects, and sustained engagement with world-renowned faculty and skilled staff mentors. In addition to their academic experiences, students also have the opportunity to collaborate and develop meaningful relationships with peers from across the country. Through SAMS and other outreach initiatives, the university:* Develops a diverse and supportive community of STEM Scholars interested in attending top-tier universities.* Strengthens students’ commitment to pursuing STEM-related disciplines.* Broadens students understanding and access to opportunities made available through study in STEM.* Equips students with the knowledge, skills, and dispositions to be successful STEM scholars.Curriculum The Summer Academy for Math and Science will consist of 2 parts:PART 1: Part one of the SAMS program will occur prior to the start of the residential program (dates to be determined). This will be a virtual jumpstart for participants, focusing on some skill-building that will be needed for the in-person program. During this time the program will be connecting virtually for portions of these days, but students will not be needed for full days. PART 2: Part two of the SAMS program will be a 5 week, in-person Pre-College program. Students will move into the residence halls on July 1st, and the first day of classes will be July 3rd. SAMS Scholars will be in courses and meetings for full days during the 5-weeks they are here. The academic portion of the program will conclude with the symposium on Friday, August 4th and students will move out of the residence halls on August 5th. 03/01 - Be at least 16 years old by the program start date.- Be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident.- Be a junior in high school at the time of application submission.- Online application- Unofficial high school transcript- Standardized test scores (optional)- Two (2) letters of recommendation- Complete two essay prompts indicated in the application The Girl Friends Fund, Inc. Scholarship$1,000 - $1,500 annually for up to four academic years, depending on availability of funds 03/01 - Nominated and sponsored by a local chapter of The Girl Friends®, Inc.- Be a United States Citizen (as defined by FAFSA).- Have a minimum cumulative weighted GPA of 3.0.- Have a minimum SAT score of 1200 or ACT score of 25.- Be accepted for undergraduate study at a four-year accredited institution of higher education- Not be related to an active member or former member of The Fund or The Girl Friends®, Inc.- The scholarship application can only be retrieved and submitted by Girl Friends, Inc. chapter representatives. Please contact the local Girl Friends, Inc. chapter for the application.-Potential scholars must be nominated by a chapter of The Girl Friends®, Inc. Each chapter may nominate only one candidate. The Girl Friends Fund, Inc. (“The Fund”) assists potential candidates with connecting to their local chapter of The Girl Friends®, Inc. when needed. If you need assistance finding a local chapter of The Girl Friends®, Inc., please contact them in the website. USPAACC Scholarships$5,000 03/02 - High school senior- East, South, Southeast Asian, or Pacific Island heritage- Citizen or permanent resident of the United States- Beginning full-time study at an accredited post-secondary educational institution in the United States in Fall 2024- Academic achievement of 3.3 GPA or higher- Leadership in extracurricular activities- Involvement in community service- Financial need- Scholarship recipients are asked to: participate in scholarship activities; write a Thank You Letter to the sponsor of their scholarship and send it to USPAACC; keep USPAACC informed of their college life and studies during their first four years in college by writing at least once per year.- Essays- Transcript- (2) letters of recommendation (one from high school and one from a community service organization)HACEMOS Scholarship- HACEMOS will determine the award distribution for each chapter and for the national scholarship award.- If selected as a recipient, students attending a two-year institution will receive a $1,500 award. Students attending a four-year institution will receive a $2,500 award.- Awards are not renewable, however students may reapply to the program each year they meet eligibility requirements. 03/02 - Be of Hispanic heritage OR be a dependent* child of an active HACEMOS member, age 25 and under, as of the application deadline.- High school seniors, or graduates who plan to enroll or students who are already enrolled in full-time undergraduate study at an accredited two-year or four-year college or university in the United States, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam or any other U.S. territory for the entire academic year.- Unweighted cumulative 3.0 GPA- Transcript- Test scores- Supplemental Financial Data Form Woodson Summer ScholarsAll costs, inclusive of tuition and fees, for the program are completely covered. Students will need to have their own health insurance. 03/05 - Black/African American students who are a current junior in high school, enrolled in a high school in the United States, and who are at least 15 years old, are invited to apply. - Online application- Transcript (official or unofficial)- 2 Writing samples- At least one teacher recommendation- At least one parent confirmation email receivedMu Gamma Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc. The scholarship award varies according to available funds. 3/05 - 2025 High School Female Graduate- 2.75 Unweighted GPA- Residence of city limits from Florida City to South of Kendall Drive AFA National Scholarships$3,200 03/06 Graduating high school seniors and current undergrads enrolled in an agriculture or food-related degree program in the U.S. See the full eligibility requirements. Florida Realtors Education Foundation Student ScholarshipStarts at $1,000 03/06 - Florida high school seniors who will be attending an undergraduate college or university.- Students currently enrolled in an undergraduate college or university.- Students pursuing graduate studies.-Those students considering a career in Real Estate or Real Estate related fields will be given special consideration in accordance with the purposes of the Florida Realtors Education Foundation. However, students in any major outside are welcome to apply. Google Doodle Fifty-Four State and Territory WinnersThe Guest Judges and Google Doodlers will select the best doodle from each of the 50 states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands as the State and Territory Winners. These 54 State and Territory Winners will be displayed in an online gallery on the Doodle for Google website.54 State and Territory winners will have their doodles featured on the Doodle for Google gallery, and will receive:- Google hardware- A celebratory message from Google- Fun Googley swag Five National FinalistsFor a period of 5 days the U.S. public will vote for their favorite doodle from the 54 State and Territory Winners. These votes will help determine the National Finalists. The four National Finalists, who do not become the National Winner, will have their doodles featured on the Doodle for Google gallery. Each National Finalist will receive:- A $5,000 college scholarship- Google hardware- Fun Googley swag One National WinnerA panel of Google executives will choose one of the five National Finalists and announce the National Winner in June.One National Winner’s artwork will be displayed on Google.com for one day. He or she will also receive:- A $30,000 college scholarship- A $50,000 technology package for their school/non-profit organization- Google hardware- Fun Googley swag 03/07 - Open to all grade levels - Download or print the entry form.- Doodle: Artists create their Doodles using any materials they want. From crayons to clay to found objects.- Write: Artist’s statement - Tell us about what you have drawn and how it represents your inner strength. Fill out the rest of the required information and have a parent or guardian sign the entry form.- Submit: Enter the contest online (recommended) or by mail (see step 3 on the entry form for details). Entry form doodles: If the doodle is created directly on our entry form, you can either upload them to our site as a .jpg or .png (visit the enter tab) or mail them in (address listed on the enter tab).- Other doodles: If the doodle wasn't created directly on our entry form, take a high-res digital photo or scan of the doodle in good lighting and combine it with the entry form. Black & Positively Golden Scholars(63) $15,000 03/08 - Be enrolled full-time as an undergraduate freshman, sophomore, junior or senior attending HBCU during the 2024-2025 academic school year.- Current cumulative grade point average of 2.7 or higher.- Able to demonstrate leadership abilities.- Able to demonstrate a financial need.- Be a U.S. Citizen or legal permanent resident with a valid permanent resident card or passport stamped I-551.- Upload a video Women's Western Golf Association Scholarship $20,000 03/08 - Active participant in the sport of golf (golf ability is not a criterion for selection)- 3.5 unweighted GPA - Be outstanding in character, integrity and leadership- Require financial assistance to attend a four year college in the United States- High school evaluation form- Recommendation letter- Last two year’s taxes- FAFSA SAR- Personal statement about state of finances- School photoAI Camp - Want to learn about AI with instructors from Stanford, MIT and Carnegie Mellon University, even if you do not have any coding experience? Apply for a scholarship for their programs, valued at over $2,000. - Full scholarships cover 90% of the tuition, while partial scholarships cover 30%. 03/10 - Must be a 13+ year old, current or graduating middle or high school student in the United States or Canada.- Students from low-income families are especially encouraged to apply.- Merit-based, partial scholarships are awarded regardless of family income. Connex Foundation ScholarshipThe Connex Foundation will award scholarships up to $5,000 to individuals pursuing a career in the skilled trades (example: electrical, plumbing, welding, HVAC, carpentry), construction and/or facility management industry. 03/10 - Be a United States or Canadian citizen or permanent legal resident - At a minimum, a graduating high school senior or equivalent (GED) - Plan to enroll as a full-time student- Have a cumulative unweighted GPA of 2.5 or higher on a 4.0 scale- Have a history of active involvement in extra-curricular activities, community service, or work experience American Foreign Service Association Scholarship Award amounts vary03/11 To be eligible to apply for an AFSA undergraduate Financial Aid Scholarship, a student must:• Be a current high school senior or college freshman, sophomore or junior.• Be a dependent child of a Foreign Service employee who is an American Foreign Service Association (AFSA) member. The AFSA member must be or have been an employee (active duty, retired, deceased, and/or separated) with a foreign affairs agency as defined by the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (Department of State, USAID, USIA, USAGM, FCS, FAS or APHIS).• Have a minimum GPA of 2.75.• Demonstrate financial need.Merit-Based ScholarshipsTo be eligible to apply for a competitive AFSA Merit Award (Academic and/or Art or Community Service Award), a student must:• Be a current high school senior.• Maintain a satisfactory academic record (a minimum cumulative 3.25 GPA out of a 4.0 scale is needed to apply for Academic Merit Award and a cumulative 2.75 GPA on a 4.0 scale is needed to apply for the Art Merit Award). Kerdyk Family Trust Music Scholarship$2,000 03/11 - An applicant’s desire to study music in college and/or pursue a career in music will be weighed heavily - Overall GPA of 3.0 or higher - Applicants who are Coral Gables residents or attend high school in Coral Gables will be weighed heavily- Letter of Recommendation by a music teacher or band director- Summary of Community Service and Activities - Statement of Financial Need - Student Aid Index (from the FAFSA Student Aid Report)- Video of Musical Performance (ideally 3-10 mins.) Blacks at Microsoft (BAM) Scholarship- (5) $20,000 scholarships distributed over 4 years ($5,000 per year, renewable)- (45) $ 2,500 one -time scholarships 03/13 - Be a US-based high school senior of African descent (for example, African American, African, Ethiopian, etc.)- Plan to attend a four-year college or university in the US in the fall immediately following your high school graduation- Plan to pursue a bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science, computer information systems, or select business programs (such as finance, business administration, or marketing)- Demonstrate a passion for technology- Demonstrate leadership at school or in the community- Have a cumulative unweighted GPA of 3.3 or higher- Require financial assistance to attend college- 2 recommendation letters- Résumé- Transcript - 1 EssaysEdward J. Braynon Jr. Scholarship Competition Scholarship Awards:1st Place - $4,000 (awarded over 4 academic years)2nd Place - $2,000 (awarded over 2 academic years)3rd Place – $1,000 scholarship 03/13 - The scholarship(s) will be awarded to local young men of African Descent.- Applicant must be a high school, college-bound senior to apply.- Applicant must be a resident of Miami-Dade County and currently attending a Miami-Dade or Broward County Public School (No PRIVATE SCHOOL attendees accepted).- Applicant must now be in high school and able to earn a high school diploma by the end of the school year in June HOLA at Microsoft Scholarships- (2) $20,000 scholarships distributed over 4 years ($5,000 per year, renewable)- (3) $5,000 one-time scholarships 03/13 - Be a US-based high school senior of Hispanic and Latinx descent (for example, Mexican American, Cuban American, Brazilian, etc) of an accredited organization.- Plan to attend a two or four-year college or university in the US.- Plan to pursue an associate’s or bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, business management, marketing, or have a declared major.- Demonstrate leadership skills and a passion for helping your community within your school, neighborhood, family or an organization.- Demonstrate leadership at a school or in the community.- Have a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher.- Require financial assistance to attend college.- U.S. citizen, permanent legal resident, or DACA.- High school transcript- (1) letter of recommendation- Essay- ResumeMicrosoft Disability ScholarshipsEach winner who continues to meet the criteria is eligible to receive an annual award of $5,000 for up to four (4) consecutive years for a potential total $20,000 scholarship. 03/13 - Be a current high school senior living with a disability (as defined by WHO), whether that be visual, hearing, mobility, cognitive, speech or other disability.- Plan to attend an undergraduate program in a 2 or 4-year University/College or Technical College in the fall of the academic year following high-school graduation. Schools must be in the USA or have a USA-Affiliate for financial transactions (contact Seattle Foundation to verify non-USA school’s eligibility).- Declare an approved major in engineering, computer science, computer information systems, law, business, or a related field (e.g. paralegal, pre-law, finance, business administration, or marketing).- Demonstrate a passion for technology.- Demonstrate leadership at school and/or in the community.- Have a high school cumulative GPA of 2.5 or higher.- Require financial assistance to attend college.- Enrollment status must be full-time or half-time.- Résumé- Transcript- Essay- Letter of recommendation FEEA Scholarship $1,000 - $5,000 03/14 - Children or legal dependents under the age of 25 of full- or part-time permanent federal civilian or postal employees. Blacks in Government (BIG) federal employee members may also sponsor a grandchild.- Spouses of full- or part-time permanent civilian federal or postal employees.- Full- or part-time permanent civilian federal or postal employees.- Children or grandchildren of members of the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association (NARFE).- Attending or planning to attend an accredited institution for higher learning for an undergraduate or graduate degree or certificate.- Transcript- 500-word essay- A list of community service, awards, and extracurricular activities- A copy of federal employee sponsor’s current SF-50 (not required for retired NARFE members)Fontana Transport Inc. Scholars Program$5,000 03/14 - First generation high school seniors who are underrepresented, need financial assistance and are passionate about furthering their education as a means to help out their family, community and themselves. - Graduating high school, will pursue a full time undergraduate degree in the United States at any 4 year accredited university by Fall 2024 and plan to study in any of the following concentrations: Transportation Management; Math; Science; Engineering ( Any field of engineering); Architecture; Environmental Design; Pre-Med; Psychology; Spanish Language/Literature.- The student applicant does not have to be a U.S. citizen, but they must have a minimum 3.5 weighted GPA and graduate a US accredited high school in Spring or Summer. - All applicants will need proof of attending a 4 year US university beginning Fall 2024.- Letter of Recommendation by a faculty member is optional, but highly suggested.Greater Miami (FL) Chapter The Links, Incorporated College Application Scholarship $3,000 3/14 The Links, Incorporated ~ Greater Miami (FL) Chapter is seeking applicants for our 2025 General Scholarships. Greater Miami (FL) Chapter will award five (5) scholarships in the amount of $3,000 each, to students of African descent who have excelled in academics and community service. Greater Miami (FL) Chapter of The Links, Incorporated has been providing transformational programming in the Miami-Dade community and beyond since 1955. 9/11 Promise ScholarshipRanges from a minimum award of $5,000 to a max award of $15,00003/15 - Children of a fallen first responder or military service member, OR children of a first responder or military service member certified as not being able to work. Children must currently be under the age of 25.- High school diploma or equivalency, or in the final year of high school. - Currently enrolled at or accepted to pursue trade, undergraduate or graduate studies at an accredited trade school, college or university.- Minimum cumulative grade point average of 2.0 on a 4.0 scale for applicant (high school or undergraduate to date) . Hagan ScholarshipsUp to $7,500 03/15 - Must attend a high school located in the United States.- All high school students are eligible regardless of nationality.- Must be fluent in the English language.- Must be in the high school graduating class.- Must have achieved an unweighted 3.50 CGPA based on a 4.0 Grading Scale.- Must enroll in an eligible four-year College or University the first fall semester following high school graduation.- The scholarship cannot be used to attend a community college, junior college, or online institution.- Must maintain a four year or less graduation schedule or complete the equivalent of a four-year degree if in a professional program.- Must work 240 hours from January 1, 2025 until September 1, 2025. Work must be regularly scheduled employment performed under supervision for compensation. Employment can be full-time or part-time.- Applicant’s Adjusted Gross Household Income reported for 2023 Federal Income Tax Purposes must not have exceeded $100,000. “Household Income” is defined as the total income received by all adult members of a household living under the same roof.- Applicants are not required to provide FAFSA information. Finalists must provide the FAFSA Summary showing the SAI.- Must apply for Federal and State grants if eligible. (FFAA & FAFSA) High School Hero ScholarshipNine (9) $1,500 High School Hero Scholarships will be awarded during the 2024-2025 school year, beginning September 2024 through May 2025. The recipients' names will be randomly drawn from a pool of qualified applicants. 03/15 TO APPLY: Nominations will be accepted from persons at least 13 years old. Nominations must be made via the online submission form on the dedicated landing page on EdFed's website or by visiting www.edfed.org/highschoolhero. Nominations must be complete and accurate to be considered.ELIGIBILITY: To receive the scholarship award, nominees must be a high school student in Miami-Dade or Broward County with at least 25 logged and confirmed volunteer hours in the previous 12 months. If the nominee is a minor and selected as the recipient, an authorization form must be signed by the parent or legal guardian prior to funds disbursal. Proof of qualification in the form of a current Community Service Volunteer Log, validated by a representative from the student's school, must be provided within 5 school business days following notice of nominee's selection. ITE Diversity Scholar Program- Financial support (a total of up to $20,000 in scholarship support: up to $4000 annually per student for up to 5 years of undergraduate enrollment) - ITE Student Chapter engagement- Mentoring- Internship Opportunities 03/15 - United States high school or community college student of African-American; Native American, Alaskan, and Hawaiian; or Hispanic/Latino heritage - United States citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States - Intended or declared major in transportation engineering, planning, or a related field, - Full-time enrollment or intended enrollment at an accredited college or university with an ITE student chapter, - Good academic standing with minimum high school grade point average of 3.0 (on a 4.0 scale), Additional preferences: - First generation college student (neither parent received a baccalaureate degree), - Low household income - applicants that are eligible for Pell Grants will be given priority, but those not eligible for Pell Grants will still be considered Kozyak Summer Fellowship Fund$5,000 in summer legal fellowships03/15 - First and second year law students who are either enrolled in a Florida law school or are verifiedFlorida residents attending an out-of-state law school who have secured an unpaid summer internshipwith a public service agency, Judge, non-profit or governmental agency.- Resume - Law school transcript - Statement of Interest (1,000 words or less) with examplesof your life experiences, including but not limited to, how you would benefit from the fellowship, andyour academic and career goals. Describe your financial need, including any loans, scholarships andextenuating circumstances. Finally, explain why service, diversity and fairness are important to you. National Restaurant Association Educational FoundationAnywhere from $2,500-$10,00003/15 - Any undergraduate student or individual enrolled or accepted as a full-time or part-time student at an accredited post-secondary institution- Any previous scholarship recipient- Anyone majoring in a restaurant, foodservice, or hospitality-related program- Anyone NOT related to any employees or family members of the National Restaurant Association, National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation, or any State Restaurant Association- Application can be found onlineThe Maude and Alexander Hadden Scholarship $2,500 - $4,000 per year03/15 - High school seniors who are U.S. citizens planning to attend a four-year accredited college or university established in the United States. Each applicant must have a minimum unweighted 3.5 GPA on a 4.0 scale - SAT/ACT test scores are not required but strongly encouraged- 2 letters of recommendation are required- FAFSA SAR required- A complete list of academic achievements, extra-curricular activities, community involvement, and work experienceJeanetta A. Gill Scholarship$15,000 paid over four years03/20 - Young ladies in the graduating senior class who excel in scholarship, leadership and service, and who possess good character with high ideals are urged to apply. Additionally, attendance at a Historically Black College/University (HBCU) is mandatory. The recipient forfeits the scholarship if she does not attend an HBCU.- One-page essay- Biography- 2 recommendation letters Society of Women EngineersVaries 03/20 - Must be an individual who identifies as a female, who is in their senior year of high school in Martin, Palm Beach, Broward, or Miami-Dade County, Florida, and who is an incoming freshman- Must be intending to pursue an ABET-accredited engineering degree.- TranscriptJoieful Connections Scholarship$5,000 03/21 This scholarship seeks to support students with a diagnosis of developmental or intellectual disabilities so they can pursue higher education. Any high school senior who has a diagnosis of developmental or intellectual disability may apply for this scholarship. The Miami-Biscayne Bay(FL) Chapter of The Links, Incorporated ScholarshipVarious 03/21 - Must be a 12th grade-graduating senior high school student.- Minimum grade point average of 3.0.- Must provide an acceptance letter to a Historically Black College or University (HBCU)- Minimum of 40 community service hours- See application for additional requirements. QuestBridge College Prep ScholarsCollege Prep Scholars can receive special awards and opportunities, including a full scholarship to a college summer program, up to $1,000 for a new laptop, essay feedback, and much more. 03/22 - Mostly A's in the most challenging courses available (usually including Honors, AP, and/or IB level courses).- Top 5-10% of graduating class.- Evidence of strong writing ability, intellectual spark, and determination through essays and the teacher recommendation.- Typically come from households earning less than $65,000 annually for a typical family of four and have minimal assets. This is not a strict cut-off and we encourage students who feel they have faced significant financial hardship to review these financial criteria carefully to see if they may qualify.- Essays- Recommendation letters Voyager ScholarshipUp to $50,000 03/22 - Plan to enroll full-time in their junior year of study at an accredited four-year college or university in the United States in Fall 2024; or finishing sophomore year in Spring 2024; or transferring from a two-year to a four-year college for their 2024-2025 junior academic year.- Applicants should be considered “juniors” based on the total number of earned credits at their institution by Fall 2024.- Have a minimum grade point average of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale, or equivalent- Have demonstrated a commitment to public service which includes careers in government, non-profits or the private sector. A career in public service includes a range of occupations—from community organizing to social work and from entrepreneurship to the arts—all committed to solving our biggest challenges together.- Plan to pursue a career in public service upon graduation.- Be a United States (US) citizen, US permanent resident (holder of a Permanent Resident Card), or an individual granted deferred action status under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program (DACA). Peace & Prosperity Empowerment Through Education Scholarship$2,500 03/23 Applications are available to Miami-Dade County residents graduating from high school on or before August 1, with an unweighted grade-point average of 2.0 or above and attend an accredited college or university in the fall semester. Dade County Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta ScholarshipVaries 3/25 The Dade County Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. is proud to announce the availability of this scholarship opportunity. Female high school seniors of African-American descent with an unweighted GPA of at least 3.0 are eligible to apply. Below is the link to the scholarship application form which includes the requirements and procedures:https://form.jotform.com/DCACTechnology/DCACscholarship-application Phoenix Foundation of Central Florida Scholarship $1,000 - $15,000 03/25 - Be active in a recognized organization for the betterment of the LGBTQ+ community- Essay of no more than 500 words - Scholarship reference form completed by someone familiar with your advocacy for the LGBTQ+ community- Read and submit signed terms and conditions page - Pursuing a degree at a four-year college or university- 3.5 weighted high school GPA or 3.0 college GPA- Minimum of 12 credit hours per semesterThe Balkhi Foundation Higher Education Scholarship $1,000 03/26 - An ideal applicant for a Balkhi Foundation Scholarship is a student who has shown dedication to their academics as well as their personal goals whether that is through community service, creation of a business or invention, or significant dedication to academic pursuits. - Students should be self starters who have shown tenacity in the face of challenges and a hunger for success. - Previous Balkhi Foundation Scholars have represented a diverse variety of backgrounds and high school experiences including community service, writing and publishing novels, completing university level research or associates degrees in high school, or being identified as leaders within their school and community.- Current high school seniors with a 3.5 weighted or unweighted GPA with financial need are encouraged to apply. Important Dates:Student Applications Close March 26 at 11:59pm ESTTeacher Recommendation forms (sent via email) Due Friday, April 4 at 11:59PM ESTFinalists Notified May 2025 The Kings of Clubs of Greater Miami Inc. Scholarship $1,000 03/27 The King of Clubs of Greater Miami Incorporated is a philanthropic, volunteer orientated organization. We are one of the oldest social clubs in Miami, Fl. and every year we award scholarships to graduating seniors in Miami-Dade and Broward County Public and Private schools. NIADA Foundation Scholarships$3,500 Applications must be POSTMARKED no later than March 12, 2023, AND received no later than March 26, 2023. - High school senior- Have maintained an outstanding academic achievement record as reflected by an official high school transcript- Demonstrate an aptitude for college work and wants a career in the automotive industry - Complete application- Essays- Letter(s) of recommendationGwen Cherry Park African American College Scholarship(2) $2,500 03/28 - Must be a senior in high school in Miami-Dade County- Expected to graduate this year- Must submit why they are deserving of the scholarship- Must display academic excellence, early signs of leadership, and commitment to social justice- Must demonstrate an interest in and acitvities toward social justice- Must be planning to attend a regionally accredited college or university IT Women Scholarship Program$8,000 03/28 - Be a graduating female senior from the Tri-County South Florida area of Miami-Dade, Broward, or Palm Beach county.- Accepted and/or enrolled in a post-secondary institution (such as a college or university).- Be pursuing a degree in the fields of Information Technology and/or Engineering.- A 250-word essay showing why the applicant is pursuing a degree in Information Technology or Engineering.- Completed application- Need to show financial assistanceIAPD Scholarship Program$5,000 03/29 - Be employed by an IAPD member company or be a child of an employee of an IAPD member company- Be enrolled in a professional sales program (major, minor or concentration), business, communications, marketing, engineering, supply chain management, information technology, accounting, human resources program or related programs.- College-bound high school seniors are eligible to apply for the IAPD scholarship. Candidates must have a minimum of a 3.5 cumulative GPA based on a 4.0 scale. Students are ranked based on academic achievement, extracurricular activities and presentation.- Scholarship applicants are not eligible to win an IAPD scholarship two years in a row.- Additional supporting materials including essay, transcripts, letters of recommendation and the completed signature addendum page must be in English to be accepted.National Conference of Puerto Rican Women Miami Chapter ScholarshipVaries 03/30 - Young Puerto Rican women, native or descendent of Puerto Rican parent/s or grandparent/s, residing in Miami-Dade, Broward, or Monroe Counties- Graduating high school students who are entering their first year of college as undergraduates- Minimum GPA average of 3.4 and demonstrated potential for outstanding academic achievement - Evidence of unmet financial need Atkins Women and Minorities STEM Scholarship Varies 03/31 - Female juniors and seniors in college- African-American, Asian Pacific Island, Native American, Native Alaskan, or Hispanic descent- U.S. citizen or permanent resident- Enrolled in contiguous fall and spring semesters, carrying a minimum of 12 credits and earning a minimum 3.0 GPA (on a 4.0 scale) each semester.- Working towards a baccalaureate degree in science, technology, engineering or math, specifically related to disciplines within our industry with at least 60 credits of college work prior to the submission of the application.- Transcripts- Resume of the past two yearsTwo (2) letters of recommendationVideo introductionCongressional Black Caucus FoundationVaries 03/31 - Must be a U.S. citizen or permanent U.S. resident.- Scholarship opportunities for African American and Black scholars pursuing an undergraduate, graduate or doctoral degree with full-time enrollment at an accredited academic institution.- Visit www.house.gov to enter the zip code for your permanent residence and/or academic institution to confirm the address is located in a Congressional Black Caucus Member district.- Applicants may apply for all scholarship opportunities for which they are eligible.- Graduating high school seniors are eligible to apply for scholarship opportunities. The high school senior must provide proof of acceptance to an accredited college or university as a full-time student prior to the scholarship being disbursed directly to the academic institution of attendance.- African American and Black scholars attending community college are eligible to apply for scholarship opportunities if enrolled full-time at an accredited institution pursuing an associate’s degree. Dr. Arthur A. Kezian DDS Kezian Science Scholarship $1,200 03/31 - Must be at least 18 years of age.- Must be attending a College or University in the Fall.- Must be a resident of the United States or Canada.- Must complete the application form, including the essay prior to the deadline. Home Depot Foundation Path to Pro Scholarship $2,000 3/31Application Deadlines: Last day of March, June, September and December. - Be a high school senior, high school graduate or have a GED equivalent.- Plan to enroll, or be enrolled, in an approved trade-related program at an accredited two-year school (technical/vocational school or college) in the United States.- Not be an employee or dependent of an employee of the The Home Depot. Employees of The Home Depot and their dependents are eligible to apply for a scholarship from The Homer Fund. - Programs of Study: Carpentry, Construction Management, Electrical, HVAC, Plumbing or another building-related field.- INKAS "Rising Star" Scholarship$2,500 03/31 - Be currently enrolled or intending to enroll (i.e., as of January 2024) as a full-time student in Business or Engineering areas of study at an accredited university in Canada or U.S.; and to support the application with appropriate documentation, including but not limited to: school transcripts (unofficial), invitation or acceptance letter from the institution. - Maintain a minimum 75% average or equal GPA from the most recent term/semester.- Be a Canadian citizen, permanent resident of Canada, U.S. citizen or Green Card holder or student visa holder or study permit holder and be able to support it with a clear and legible photocopy. Key Biscayne Community Foundation Scholarships Varied 03/31 Various (see website for details) Kochhar and Co. Chartered Professional Accountant $1,000 03/31 - Be attending college or university on a full-time or part-time basis no later than September 2024. - Have achieved a GPA of 2.5 or greater during their last academic year. - Submit an answer to the essay question no later than 11:59 PM EST on the day of the deadline. - Be a resident of one of the following countries: A) Canada B) United States Lockheed Martin STEM Scholarship$10,000 03/31 - U.S. Citizens- Current high school seniors with a cumulative 2.5 or above GPA, or current college freshmen, sophomores, or juniors with a cumulative 2.5 or above GPA. - Planning to enroll or already enrolled full-time at an accredited four-year college or university in the U.S. - Majoring or planning to major in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, Mechanical Engineering, or Physics. - Demonstrate financial need. - Be willing to consider a paid internship with Lockheed Martin following their freshman, sophomore or junior year of college, other circumstances notwithstanding (note: the internship is not required to receive a scholarship, and scholarship recipients are not guaranteed an internship).- A current, complete transcript of grades. Grade reports are not accepted. Transcripts must display student name, school name, grades and credit hours for each course and term in which each course was taken. NOTE: If you are providing SAT or ACT test scores, and those scores are not listed on your high school transcript, you will need to upload a copy of your test score report(s) separately. If you are uploading a college transcript, those scores are not required.- Copy of the first two pages of the most recently filed IRS Form 1040 used for the Financial Information section of the application. Financial need, as calculated by Scholarship America, must be demonstrated for the student to receive an award. Note: If the applicant’s family does not file taxes, please attach a document explaining the circumstances in detail.- As part of your application, one online recommendation must be completed on your behalf no later than April 10, 2024 3:00 pm Central Time. Lockheed Martin employees may not provide recommendations on behalf of the applicant.- Your application is not complete unless all required documents are submitted electronically. Luke Sturgill Memorial Scholarship$500 to $1,000 03/31 - Overall GPA of 2.5 or higher- Applicant must be a senior in good standing at an eligible high school for at least the 11th and 12th grade. - Must intend to attend a vocational or technical school and/or pursue an Associate's Degree. LULAC National Scholarship Fund- National Scholastic Achievement Awards ($2,000)The student has a GPA of 3.5 or better on a 4.0 scale or equivalent- Honors Awards ($500 to $2,000)The student has a GPA of 3.0 or better on a 4.0 scale or equivalent- General Awards ($250 to $1,000)Grades and academic performance will serve as indicators; however, emphasis may be placed on the individual’s motivation, sincerity, and integrity, which can best be revealed through a personal interview and in the personal essay. Need, community involvement, and leadership activities will also be considered. 03/31 - Applicants must be a U.S. citizen, legal permanent resident, or be granted Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA).- Must have applied to or be enrolled as a full-time student in a college or university, including 2-year colleges, or vocational schools that lead to an associate’s degree. Graduate students must have applied to or be enrolled as a part-time student in a college or university.- A student will not be eligible for a scholarship if he/she is related to a scholarship committee member, the Council President, or an individual contributor to the local funds of the Council.- Locations: In 2023-24, sixty-two (62) LULAC Councils participated from the following: Arizona, Arkansas, California, District of Columbia, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Massachusetts, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Wisconsin. Mae & Mary Legacy Foundation Scholarship Varies 03/31 - Applicants must be African American students; high school senior- Pursuing a career in the health care profession- Students from anywhere in the United States can apply- Applicants must attend a two/four year university or technical school- Create one file (chosen by your "First Name Last Name - Mae and Mary Scholarship" saved as Word or PDF) NO ZIP files accepted. Upload the following supporting documents with your application:- Recent photo- Cover letter and resume (feel free to be creative)- One personal essay – design your own topic of choice (no more than one page)- 2 letters of recommendation- Current transcripts (unofficial or official)- A copy of college letter of acceptance (if available)The Mark Wandall Foundation ScholarshipVaries up to $10,00003/31 The Mark Wandall Foundation is proud to offer scholarships to assist graduating seniors and/or young adults (age 25 and younger) who are residents of the State of Florida and seeking post-secondary education (including technical and vocational school). Applicants must have suffered the death of a parent, sibling, or guardian. Self-Help Credit Union Scholarship$1,000 03/31 Those who plan to attend or are attending any post-secondary educational institution will be eligible. Eligible institutions include universities, colleges, technical schools, trade, and vocational institutions.Self-Help employees and board members and their family members are not eligible to apply. A “family member” is a person's spouse, parents, siblings, children, and life partner; the parents, siblings and children of a person’s spouse or life partner; and anyone living within the person's household as a family member. Young American Creative Patriotic Art Contest The first-place winner from each state competes for national awards totaling $37,000. 03/31 - Students in grades 9-12 by the March 31 deadline who are enrolled in a public, private or parochial high school or home study program in the United States, its territories and possessions; or dependents of U.S. military or civilian personnel in overseas schools. - Although U.S. citizenship is not required, students must be permanent residents or have applied for permanent residence status (the application for which has not been denied) to become a U.S. citizen. - Foreign exchange students, students age 20 or older, GED and adult education students, or national winners of previous Young American Creative Patriotic Art Contests are ineligible.
