URL: http://www.gomakos.net/college-assistance-program/
ORG: MAST Academy
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
College Assistance Program &#8211; MAST Academy Code of Student Conduct COSC Presentation Code of Student Conduct 2026-2027 MDCPS Curriculum Bulletin facebook facebook2 instagram instagram x X Home of the Makos Home About Us About Our School Administrative Team Accomplishments and Awards Accreditation Anti-Discrimination Policy English Spanish Creole Florida Report Card Health/Food Inspections Food Service Inspection Report - May 2025 Food Service Inspection Report - January 2025 Fire Inspection Report - April 2023 Making Lasting Impressions MDCPS District Links / Region Links MDCPS Site District Vision Central Region Office Meet Your School Board Member Values Matter MDCPS Wellness Policy English Spanish Haitian-Creole Mission and Vision School Financial Report School Policies and Procedures Arrival and Dismissal Procedures School Improvement Plan (SIP) Uniform Policy School Report Cards Staff Directory Academics 2026 Summer Reading 2026-2027 MAST Academy Tutoring Schedule - Coming Soon 2026-2027 M-DCPS Curriculum Bulletin Curriculum Bulletin Addendum Programs Testing Bell Schedule A/B Alternating Schedule Become a Mako Admissions Criteria and Process Magnet Application School Choice & Parental Control Athletics Activities 2025-2026 Approved Club List Blood Drives Club Sponsor Resources Donation Drives Student Activities Forms and Resources Student Forms Packet and Information Student Parking Students 2025-2026 School Climate Survey 2025-2026 MAST Academy Tutoring Schedule 2025-2026 Approved Club List Morning Wave 2025 2025-2026 Parent/Student Handbook Ship Shape Dress Code Student Services Code of Student Conduct Curriculum Bulletin FortifyFL – See Something, Say Something Mental Health Resources Student Government Association Student Portal Parents 2025-2026 School Climate Survey 2025-2026 School Board Approved Comprehensive Evidence-Based Reading Plan (CERP) 2025-2026 Read-at-Home Plan for Student Success 2025-2026 Mobile Device Checkout Procedures 2025-2026 Exceptional Student Education (ESE) Parent Survey 2025 Florida Parental Rights and Protections in Education 2025 - 2026 Open Enrollment Period for District's Full - Time Virtual Schools Summer Reading 2026 2025-2026 Math-at-Home Plan 2025-2026 Parent/Student Handbook Accessing the Parent Choice Application Back To School Immunizations English Spanish Creole Become a School Volunteer Before and After School Care Dadeschools Mobile App New Sign-In Procedures for Parents Using the Dadeschools Mobile App and Parent Portal Stay Connected Transition GPS Executive Internship Program 2025-2026 Going Green How to Access the Family Portal and FAST Results Instructional Material Mecha Makos Engineering and Robotics Booster Club Home Meeting Dates Mental Health Resources Outreach Program Parent Resources Parent Academy Parent Portal Parents' Bill of Rights PTSA/Boosters Summer 305 Transportation Online School Payments (OSP) Water Safety Parent Resources PTSA PTSA Membership PTSA Store Calendars 2026-2027 School Year Calendar A/B Alternating Schedule Bell Schedule School Activities Calendar Contact Us Explore MDCPS College Assistance Program Colleges Schedule to Visit MAST College Admissions SCOIR State University Systems Graduation Pathways Tips for Rising Seniors Timeline for Juniors Athletes - NCAA Scholarships/Financial Aid Vocational Programs Silver Knight Colleges Schedule to Visit MAST COLLEGES SCHEDULED VISITS TO MAST All students interested in attending a college visit MUST registered in SCOIR. Space is limited so register early. Student MUST check in with their classroom teacher before attending visit and they need to present their school ID for attendance on the day of visit. College visits are usually held in the Library Loft on Tuesday/Wednesday and sometimes during Lunch B-D outside the cafeteria doors. COLLEGES FAIR SCHEDULED VISITS TO MAST October 22, 2025, in the auditorium 11:30am-1:30pm. NATIONAL COLLEGES FAIR TBA - March 2026 College Admissions Requesting Credit-By-Exam (AICE, AP, IB, CLEP, etc) Florida International University Florida State University University of Florida University of Central Florida College Board Website Early Decision and Early Action (Link) Early decision (ED) and early action (EA) plans can be beneficial to students who have thought through their college options carefully and have a clear preference for one institution. • Early Decision plans are binding: A student who is accepted as an early decision applicant must attend the college. • Early Action plans are nonbinding: Students receive an early response to their application but do not have to commit to the college until the normal reply date of May Approximately 450 colleges have early decisions or early action plans, and some have both. Some colleges offer a nonbinding option called single-choice early action, under which applicants may not apply early decision or early action to any other college. Early Decision Applicants • Apply early (usually in November) to first-choice college. • Receive an admission decision from the college well in advance of the usual notification date (usually by December). • Agree to attend the college if accepted and offered a financial aid package that is considered adequate by the family. • Apply to only one college early decision. • Apply to other colleges under regular admission plans. • Withdraw all other applications if accepted by early decision. • Send a nonrefundable deposit well in advance of May 1. Early Action Applicants • Apply early. • Receive an admission decision early in the admission cycle (usually in January or February). • Consider acceptance offer; do not have to commit upon receipt. • Apply to other colleges under regular admission plans. • Give the college a decision no later than the May 1 national response date. Apply Early A student should apply early to an early decision or early action plan if the student: • Has researched colleges extensively. • Is absolutely sure that the college is the first choice. • Has found a college that is a strong match academically, socially, and geographically. • Meets or exceeds the admission profile for the college for SAT scores, GPA, and class rank. • Has an academic record that has been consistently solid over time. The Benefits of Applying Early For a student who has a definite first-choice college, applying early has many benefits: • Reduces stress by cutting the time spent waiting for a decision. • Saves the time and expense of submitting multiple applications. • Gain more time, once accepted, to look for housing and otherwise prepare for college. • Reassess options and apply elsewhere if not accepted. The Drawbacks of Applying Early • Pressure to decide: Committing to one college puts pressure on students to make serious decisions before they've explored all their options. • Reduced financial aid opportunities: Students who apply under early decision plans receive offers of admission and financial aid simultaneously and will not be able to compare financial aid offers from other colleges. For students who absolutely need financial aid, applying early may be a risky option. • Time crunch for other applications: Most colleges do not notify early decision and early action applicants of admission until December 15. Because of the usual deadlines for applications, this means that if a student is rejected by the Early decision college, there are only two weeks left to send in other applications. Encourage those of your students who are applying early to prepare other applications as they wait to receive admission decisions from their first-choice college. • Senioritis: Applicants who learn early that they have been accepted into a college may feel that since their goal has been accomplished, they have no reason to work hard for the rest of the year. Early-applying students should know that colleges may rescind offers of admission should their senior-year grades drop. Applying Early and the Chance of Acceptance Many students believe applying early means competing with fewer applicants and increasing their chances for acceptance. This is not always true. Colleges vary in the proportion of the class admitted early and in the percentage of early applicants they admit. Higher admission rates for early decision applicants may correlate to stronger profiles among candidates choosing Early decision. Students should ask the admission office whether their institution's admission standards differ between early decision and regular applicants, and then assess whether applying early makes sense given their own profile. The Ethics of Applying Early Decision The Common Application and some colleges' application forms require the student applying under early decision, as well as the parent and counselor, to sign an early decision agreement form spelling out the plan's conditions. Make it clear in your school handbook and at college planning events that your policy for early-decision applications is to send the student's final transcript to one college only: anything else is unethical. Keep in Mind • Early decision and early action program specifics vary, so students should get information as soon as possible directly from the admission staff at their first-choice college. • Early decision and early action applicants must take the October SAT in order for these scores to make it to the college in time. Supporting Undocumented Students Post-Secondary Resource Hub for Undocumented and Mixed-Status Families (LINK) Resource Guide - English (Link) Resource Guide - Spanish (Link) Resource Guide - Haitian Creole (Link) Resources to Support Undocumented Students Immigrants Rising: Immigrants Rising Scholarship and Fellowship Lists College Greenlight: College Options for Undocumented Students Florida's College Access Network (FCAN) : Supporting Florida's Undocumented Students Florida’s Office of Student Financial Aid (OFSA): Resources for Undocumented Students The Dream: www.thedream.us The University of Miami: U Dreamers Program Higher Ed: Higher Ed Immigration Portal SAT and ACT Resources Strong SAT and ACT scores are crucial for your college applications. They can enhance your chances of admissions, qualify you for scholarships, and help you stand out among other applicants. Investing time in preparing for these exams can open doors to more opportunities and give you a competitive edge in the college admissions process. Click on this link to best prepare for these exams: Steps for Linking College Board and Khan Academy Accounts | SAT Suite of Assessments – The College Board (dadeschools.net) SAT: https://satsuite.collegeboard.org/sat ACT: https://www.act.org/ Build a Strong College List: How to Build a College List (dadeschools.net) How to Write a Strong College Statement and Essay: Personal Statement – College Essays.pdf (dadeschools.net) CollegeBoard Application Essay Income Survey: https://incomesurvey.dadeschools.net/ SCOIR STUDENTS JOIN SCOIR SCOIR: All students (9th through 12th grade) need to activate their Scoir account to track their applications and request transcripts and letters of recommendation. Use the link below to activate their account. https://www.scoir.com/ HOW to SCOIR Getting Started as a Parent or Guardian Students Requesting Recommendation Letters State University Systems University PowerPoints Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University Florida Atlantic University Florida Gulf Coast University Florida International University Florida Polytechnic University Florida State University New College of Florida University of Central Florida University of Florida University of North Florida University of South Florida University of West Florida List of a few Colleges by major (Link but area) Accounting / Finance Aerospace Engineering Agriculture Anthropology Architecture Art Biology / Pre Med Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Communication / Journalism Computer Science Cosmetology Criminal Justice Culinary Dentistry Design Economics Engineering English / Literature Environmental Science Film Global Studies History International Studies IT Kinesiology Liberal Arts Marine Biology Math Medical Music Nursing Nutrition Pharmacy Philosophy Physics Physiology Political Science Pre Law Psychiatry Public Health Religious Studies Social Work Sports Management Statistics Teaching / Education Theater Veterinary Graduation Pathways M-DCPS GRADUATION REQUIREMENTS Florida State Academic Advisement Florida State Graduation Requirements Tips for Rising Seniors Rising Seniors.... Now is the time to organize your college folder. POSTSECONDARY PLANNING TIMELINE (LINK) Summer between Junior &amp; Senior Year: Narrow down your college choices. Investigate all application requirements of the colleges you are interested in. Be careful to note any SAT/ACT testing requirements. Look at what each college requires – do they require an essay? Letters of recommendation? SAT II’s? Visit any colleges in which you are interested, if possible. Spend your summer doing something meaningful – volunteer; go to summer school, work and read, read, read.. Study to improve ACT or SAT scores if you need to take them in the beginning of your senior year.. Work on college essays if colleges you are applying to require them. Fall of Senior Year: APPLY EARLY: Take advantage of the expected low volume of applications that colleges receive at the beginning of the admissions cycle. A lower volume of applications may also mean lower average GPA’s and test scores for admission as compared to the possibility of higher averages later on in February, March and April. Carefully watch college deadlines and apply on time. Send all completed applications in by their required deadlines.. Continue to investigate colleges – attend fairs, and college visits at MAST. Look at your high school transcript – make sure there are no mistakes before sending it to colleges. Complete PROFILE Financial Aid form if required by your college – check to see if colleges you are apply to require this form. Keep copies of EVERYTHING you send to colleges, scholarships, and financial aid. Ask teachers and counselors for letters of recommendation (college admissions offices advise the students to ask teachers if they will write you a favorable one) – most counselors require 5 days notice Research financial aid requirements at each college – some colleges require the CSS Profile financial aid form to be completed in the fall. Retake SAT, ACT, SAT II if necessary. Apply for Fla. Bright Futures Scholarship December 1st even if you are going out of state. Many students return after a year, and you have up to 3 years after graduation to begin using it (not if you don’t apply, though) Continue to get good grades – most colleges request a mid-year report from the high school which shows the first semester grades, and every college acceptance is contingent on the student’s 12th year grades. January – June of Senior Year: In January, file the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) as early as possible. Continue to apply for scholarships. Retake SAT/ACT/SAT II if necessary. Check with colleges to be sure that they have received everything for application, financial aid. Beware of senioritis! Investigate housing at colleges you have applied to and send in housing deposits on time. Before May 1st – decide on your final choice of a college &amp; send in your tuition deposit. At the end of the school year request that the registrar send to your college your final transcript. This is a requirement of all colleges that you decide to attend. Timeline for Juniors Juniors.... POSTSECONDARY PLANNING TIMELINE (LINK) 1. BEGIN YOUR COLLEGE SEARCH EARLY: (like…right now!!!) Beyond the obvious, get to know what GPA and SAT/ACT score will give you your best chance of being accepted. Make a table of application requirements (essays, recommendation letters, community service, SAT II requirements and so on) 2. TEST EARLY: complete all your SAT/ACT testing by the end of your junior year. Plan out a strategy as to which tests and what dates to register for. Allow for time to either take a test preparation class or work with a tutor if you find yourself scoring below what you need to get into your dream college. 3. APPLY EARLY: Students applying in September, October and November have a better chance than those applying in late December, January, February and March (slim chance). Achieving your target GPA and Test scores by the end of your junior year will also allow you to take advantage of Early Decision and Early Action deadlines in October and November. 4. BEING ACCEPTED EARLY: By applying early, you may be accepted early. Just think how nice it would be to go you your family parties and dinners in December and tell everyone that you have already been accepted to college!!! 5. APPLY FOR FINANCIAL AID EARLY: By being accepted early, you can apply for financial aid (FAFSA) early – beginning January 1 of your senior year. “The early bird gets the worm” is so true when it comes to financial aid. MONEY RUNS OUT!!!!! 6. EVALUATE YOUR AWARD LETTERS: If you apply for financial aid early, you will receive your financial aid award letter early. You will now be able to sit down with your parents and go over with them the financial “bottom line” of your final college selection. 7. YOUR FINAL CHOICE…AND THE WINNER IT!!! : This whole process boils down to the day you select “the winner”. Most colleges would like an answer from you by May 1st. Remember not only should you notify the college that you’ll be attending “that you’re cumin” but it is also courteous to notify those colleges that you are declining. A nice courteous and thoughtful letter on your part may very well open up a slot for another well deserving student. And so begins another wonderful and exciting journey in your life. Athletes - NCAA Division I Academic Standards Division I schools require you to meet academic standards. To be eligible to practice, compete and receive an athletics scholarship in your first year of full-time enrollment, you must meet the following requirements: 1. Earn 16 NCAA-approved core-course credits in the following areas: ENGLISH: 4 years MATH: (Algebra I or higher) 3 years SCIENCE: (Including one year of lab, if offered) 2 years EXTRA: (English, math or science) 1 year SOCIAL SCIENCE: 2 years OTHER: Any area listed to the left or courses listed in additional discipline (world language, comparative religion or philosophy) 4 years 2. Complete your 16 NCAA-approved core-course credits in eight academic semesters or four consecutive academic years from the start of ninth grade. If you graduate from high school early, you still must meet core-course requirements. 3. Complete 10 of your 16 NCAA-approved core-course credits, including seven in English, math or science, before the start of your seventh semester. Once you begin your seventh semester, any course needed to meet the 10/7 requirement cannot be replaced or repeated. 4. Earn a minimum 2.3 core-course GPA. 5. Ask your high school counselor to upload your final official transcript with proof of graduation to your Eligibility Center account. EARLY ACADEMIC QUALIFIER If you meet specific criteria after six semesters of high school, you may be deemed an early academic qualifier for Division I and may practice, compete and receive an athletics scholarship during your first year of full-time enrollment. QUALIFIER You may practice, compete and receive an athletics scholarship during your first year of full-time enrollment. ACADEMIC REDSHIRT You may practice during your first regular academic term and receive an athletics scholarship during your first year of full-time enrollment but may NOT compete during your first year of full-time enrollment. You must pass either eight quarter or nine semester hours to practice in the next term. NONQUALIFIER You will not be able to practice, compete or receive an athletics scholarship during your first year of full-time enrollment. If you haven’t yet, register for a free Profile Page account at eligibilitycenter.org for information on NCAA initial-eligibility requirements. 9TH GRADE -REGISTER Use NCAA Research’s interactive map to help locate NCAA schools you’re interested in attending. Find your high school’s list of NCAA-approved core courses at eligibilitycenter.org/ course list to ensure you’re taking the right courses, and earn the best grades possible! 10TH GRADE If you’re being actively recruited by an NCAA school and have a Profile Page account, transition it to the required certification account. Monitor the task list in your NCAA Eligibility Center account for next steps. At the end of the school year, ask your high school counselor from each school you attend to upload an official transcript to your Eligibility Center account. If you fall behind academically, ask your high school counselor for help finding approved courses you can take. 11TH GRADE Ensure your sports participation information is correct in your Eligibility Center account. Check with your high school counselor to make sure you’re on track to complete the required number of NCAA-approved core courses and graduate on time with your class. Share your NCAA ID with NCAA schools recruiting you so each school can place you on its institutional request list. At the end of the school year, ask your high school counselor from each school you attend to upload an official transcript to your Eligibility Center account. 12TH GRADE Request your final amateurism certification beginning April 1 (fall enrollees) or Oct. 1 (winter/spring enrollees) in your Eligibility Center account at eligibilitycenter.org. Apply and be accepted to the NCAA school you plan to attend. Complete your final NCAA-approved core courses as you prepare for graduation. After you graduate, ask your high school counselor to upload your final official transcript with proof of graduation to your Eligibility Center account. NCAA FACT SHEET (LINK) Scholarships/Financial Aid Scholarship Searches CAP Scholarships Bulletin Deadlines by Month (Link) APPLY for FAFSA (LINK) Did you know? Some schools won't consider you for merit scholarships (scholarships based on academics or other talents or skills) until you've submitted a FAFSA, do complete one even if you think you won't qualify for federal aid. After you submit your FAFSA form, you’ll get a SAR, an electronic or paper document that summarizes the information you reported on your FAFSA form. It includes your Expected Family Contribution (EFC), your estimated eligibility for Federal Pell Grants and federal student loans, and whether you’ve been selected for verification. How and when will I get my SAR? Whether you receive your SAR online or on paper depends on whether you provide an email address on your FAFSA form. If you provide a valid email address, you’ll receive an email from noreply@fafsa.gov with instructions on how to access an online copy of your SAR. You’ll receive either a paper SAR or a SAR Acknowledgement via postal mail if: you didn’t provide a valid email address on your FAFSA form, the Social Security number you included in your FAFSA form didn’t match the one on file for you with the Social Security Administration, or you didn’t sign your FAFSA form. If you have an account username and password and your FAFSA information has been processed, you can log in at fafsa.gov to view SAR information regardless of the method (online or on a FAFSA PDF) you used to file a FAFSA form or whether you provided an email address or not. The school(s) you list on your FAFSA form will have access to your SAR data electronically within a day after it is processed. Here’s a summary of what you’ll receive, and how soon after filing your FAFSA form, based on what type of FAFSA form you file. TYPE OF FAFSA SUBMITTED What information does a SAR contain? If your application is complete and fully processed, an EFC will display in the upper right-hand corner on the first page of your SAR. On the electronic SAR, the EFC is located in the “Processing Results” tab. If your application is incomplete, your SAR will not include an EFC, but it will tell you what you need to do to resolve any issues in the “What You Must Do Now” section of your SAR in the “FAFSA Data” tab. The SAR also contains a four-digit Data Release Number (DRN), which appears on the first page in the upper right corner of the paper SAR and SAR Acknowledgement. On the electronic SAR, the DRN is located in the box on the top of each tab that contains the Application Receipt date, and the Processed date. You will need the DRN if you choose to allow your college or career school to change certain information on your FAFSA form. The SAR also includes a summary of your federal student loans, information you reported on the FAFSA form, and your estimated eligibility for federal student loans and Federal Pell Grant in the “Financial Aid History” tab. Your SAR may also contain a note indicating that you’ve been selected for verification. If you’ve been selected for verification, there will be an asterisk by your EFC. Find out what to do if you’ve been selected for verification. Reminder: Your SAR is not a financial aid offer. Unlike the SAR which provides high-level estimates of your eligibility for federal student aid, a financial aid offer tells you exactly what financial aid you’re eligible to receive at a particular college or career school. Most schools will wait to send you an aid offer only after they accept you for admission. What am I supposed to do with my SAR? When you get your SAR, review it carefully to make sure it’s correct. The school(s) you listed on your FAFSA form will use your information to determine your eligibility for federal—and possibly nonfederal—financial aid. A school may ask you to verify the accuracy of your FAFSA data, so you need to be sure the information is correct. Use the checklist in the “What You Must Do Now” section to make sure all of your issues are resolved. If you need assistance, contact your school’s financial aid office. If you don’t have any changes to make to the information listed on your SAR, just keep it for your records. What if I find a mistake on my SAR? If you review your SAR and find a mistake, you will need to correct or update your FAFSA form . The paper SAR lists your FAFSA information and provides space for you to make corrections. The SAR Acknowledgement lists your FAFSA information, but you’ll need to make any corrections at fafsa.gov. How do I get a copy of my SAR? Once your FAFSA form or correction has been processed, you can get a copy of your SAR by logging in to fafsa.gov using your FSA ID and selecting the “View Student Aid Report (SAR)” option on the “My FAFSA” page (preferred method); or contacting the Federal Student Aid Information Center at 1-800-433-3243 and requesting a copy be sent to you via U.S. mail (allow 10–14 days for delivery). How do I view my Student Aid Report (SAR)? View your SAR by doing the following: Go to fafsa.gov . Select “Start or Edit a 2023–24 FAFSA Form.” Enter your account username and password (FSA ID). Select the student role on the “Roles” page. Select “View Student Aid Report (SAR)” from the “My FAFSA” page. If you provided an email address on your FAFSA form, you’ll receive an email with a link to an online copy of your SAR from noreply@fafsa.gov. Scholarship Searches Additional Scholarships (LINK) Scholar's App - Scholar's App is a platform that connects students to verified scholarships and helps track the entire financial aid process. Easily create a profile, search for scholarships, and submit applications online. NEW!!!!! S cholar Snapp – THIS IS LIKE A COMMONAPP FOR SCHOLARSHIPS!!! A free, simple to use data standard that allows students to reuse their application information - including contact information, essays, transcripts, etc. - from one scholarship application to another thereby streamlining the college scholarship application process. Scholly – A mobile app that provides students with a fast and simple way to find scholarships for college. (Created by Christopher Gray, a Coca-Cola Scholar!) Peerlift - Proven scholarships, internships, summer programs, and more gathered by fellow students like you. (Founded by a team of 2017 Coca-Cola Scholars!) Learn more about the creation of Peerlift. CashCourse – Information that helps college students stay financially informed. Common Knowledge Scholarship Foundation – Educational and scholarship opportunities for students of all levels. Scholarship America – Provides information and resources for your scholarship search. KnowHow2GO – Complete information on college prep, whether in middle school or seniors. HS Finder (Hispanic Scholarship Fund) – Scholarship information for Latino students. Thurgood Marshall College Fund – Provides scholarships, programmatic and capacity building support to the 47 public Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). Gates Millennium Scholars – Provides outstanding low income African American, American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian Pacific Islander American, and Hispanic American students with an opportunity to complete an undergraduate college education in any discipline they choose. Asian &amp; Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund – The nation’s largest non-profit organization devoted to providing college scholarships for Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPI). American Indian College Fund – Provides Native American students with scholarships and financial support for the nation’s 33 accredited tribal colleges and universities. Dell Scholars Program – Recognizes academic potential and determination in students that have a definite need for financial assistance. UNCF – Awards 10,000 students each year through 400 scholarship and internship programs so that students from low- and moderate-income families can afford college tuition, books and room and board. Chegg – A place to connect with scholarships and learn about colleges. Reagan Foundation Scholarships - Scholarship opportunities for outstanding student leaders. Goizueta Legacy Scholarship - Provides scholarships for the children of Coca-Cola employees. American Indian Graduate Center &amp; AIGCS - The largest scholarship providers to Native students in the United States, awarding $15 million in scholarships annually and more than $200 million since inception. For almost 50 years, AIGC has funded students pursing undergraduate, graduate, and professional degrees in any field of study at any accredited institution of choice, working with over 500 tribes in all 50 states. Vocational Programs Exploring Vocational-Technical and Career Tech Education Opportunities in Miami-Dade County Public Schools Miami-Dade County, recognized as a hub of cultural diversity and economic vitality, offers its students a wealth of vocational-technical and career tech education (CTE) opportunities. Miami-Dade County Public Schools (MDCPS) is dedicated to equipping students with hands-on skills and knowledge crucial for success in the workforce. These programs are tailored to serve a diverse student body, offering pathways that match varying interests and career aspirations. Students not only gain technical skills, but also benefit from career counseling and job placement services, helping them transition smoothly into the workforce or further education. Miami-Dade County Public Schools Technical College Silver Knight The Miami Herald Silver Knight Awards is one of the nation’s most highly regarded student awards programs. The purpose of this Awards program is to recognize outstanding students who have not only maintained good grades but have also unselfishly applied their special knowledge and talents to contribute significant service to their schools and communities. The program is open to high school seniors with a minimum 3.2 GPA (unweighted) in public, private, and parochial schools in Miami-Dade and Broward counties. Students may be nominated in 15 categories: Art, Athletics, Business, Drama, English and literature, General Scholarship, Journalism, Mathematics, Music and Dance, New Media, Science, Social Science, Speech, Vocational-Technical, and World Languages. Each school may nominate one student per category. After submitting an extensive application, nominees from all schools appear on a designated day to be interviewed by a panel of independent judges. Each panel of judges selects one Silver Knight and three Honorable Mentions in that category. Names are not revealed until the Silver Knight Awards ceremony. *IMPORTANT DATES AND DEADLINES* CLASS OF 2025 October 2024 Candidates must end first Quarter with at least a 3.2 GPA (unweighted). Candidates finalize service projects and hours. Candidates collect Supporting Documents (min 6 pages, max 12 pages). Candidates start Nominee Application Form. November 2024 – December 2024 Candidates finalize Nominee Application Form. Nominees seek feedback Nominees are selected and confirmed. (Email notification.) January 2025 Nominees submit and lock final Application Form to the Miami Herald online. Nominees must end first Semester with at least a 3.2 GPA (unweighted). Nominees compile hard copies of Application Form and Supporting Documents and review with Coordinator, referring closely to the checklist. Coordinator delivers hard copies of Application Form and Supporting Documents on behalf of all Nominees. February 2025 - April 2025 Nominees prepare for interviews Nominees are interviewed by a panel of experts in their category (March). Tentative interview date for Miami-Dade Nominees. May 2025 Formal awards ceremony for all nominees, families and friends. *Some specific dates are pending . CLICK HERE FOR PRELIMINARY APPLICATION (DUE OCTOBER 11, 2025) MAST Academy 3979 Rickenbacker Causeway Miami, FL 33149 P: (305) 365-6278 F: (305) 361-0996 facebook facebook2 x X instagram instagram WEB ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT Copyright © 2025-2026 MAST Academy. All rights reserved.
