URL: https://www.miamikillianhs.net/c-a-p/
ORG: Miami Killian Senior High
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: list
----------------------------------------------------------------------
CAP Corner &#8211; Miami Killian Senior 2026-2027 2026 Food Service Inspection Report Annex 1 - January 2026 Food Service Inspection Report Annex 2 - January 2026 2026-2027 Curriculum Bulletin 2025-2026 2025-2026 School Climate Survey 2025 6-12 2025-2026 School Climate Survey 2025-2026 School Board Approved Comprehensive Evidence-Based Reading Plan (CERP) 2025-2026 Read-at-Home Plan for Student Success 2025-2026 Mobile Device Checkout Procedures 2025 – 2026 Open Enrollment Period for District’s Full – Time Virtual Schools 2025-2026 Parent/Student Handbook English Spanish 2025 Florida Parental Rights and Protections in Education 2025-2026 Graduations 1 Calendars/Schedules 2026-2027 Odd/Even Calendar 2025-2026 School Year Calendar 2026-2027 Bell Schedule MDCPS Testing Calendar Contact Us Explore MDCPS CAP Corner Welcome to CAP Career Technical Schools ACT Bright Futures Scholarship Community Service Dual Enrollment FAFSA Florida State University System Juniors Khan Acadeny Letters of Recommendation NCAA SAT Scholarships SCOIR POSSE Applying to Colleges Welcome to CAP Ms. Giro, CAP Advisor The College Assistance Program (CAP) is a postsecondary advisory program. T he mission of the CAP Program is to increase equitable college and career-readiness outcomes for all students and assists students in obtaining information about colleges, scholarships, etc. KCAP MONTHLY VALUES: September - Respect October - Responsibility November - Citizenship December - Fairness January - Pursuit of Excellence February - Kindness March - Cooperation April - Honesty May - Integrity Click on the attachments below for more information... Files: Spanish Resource Guide for Undocumented Students Updated February 2024 Senior Checklist and College Information Resource Guide for Undocumented Students_Updated Feb 2024 Junior Checklist Freshman and Sophomore Checklist 12th Grade Students Planning Timeline 12th Grade Parents Planning Timeline 11th Grade Students Planning Timeline 11th Grade Parents Planning Timeline 10th Grade Students Planning Timeline 10th Grade Parents Planning Timeline 9th Grade Students Planning Timeline 9th Grade Parents Planning Timeline Career Technical Schools Interested in a Career Tech School- click on the link down below!!!! https://www.careerinayear.com/programs/ ACT For more information about the ACT go to: www.act.org Test Date September 6, 2025 October 18, 2025 December 13, 2025 February 14, 2025 April 11, 2026 June 13, 2026 July 11, 2026 To register to take the ACT go to: www.actstudent.org/start ​​​​​​​ To request a waiver, use the ACT/SAT FEE WAIVER REQUEST link below: https://forms.office.com/r/TmyCizidYC Please answer all questions on the form. IMPORTANT!!! Only (4) ACT and (2) SAT per student. (Junior year waivers count!) Must have free and reduced lunch (To be verified by Ms. Giro) If you already received an SAT waiver and you used it, then you do not need to request the 2nd waiver. You will get the 2nd SAT waiver on your college board account. New requests must be made 1 week prior to regular deadline (Note: holidays/weekends/teacher planning days not included) WAIVERS WILL BE READY 48 HOURS AFTER THE REQUEST WAS MADE ONLINE (holiday and weekends not included) *PRIORITY WILL BE GIVEN TO SENIORS* Files: Preparing-for-the-ACT Bright Futures Scholarship FLORIDA BRIGHT FUTURES SCHOLARSHIP Each Bright Futures program has a different set of requirements, but there are a few that they all share. Here are the requirements you must meet in order to qualify for any Bright Futures program. You must: *Be a Florida resident, and a US Citizen or eligible noncitizen. *Earn a diploma from a Florida high school or high school equivalent. *Complete the Florida Financial Aid Application before August 31 of your graduation year. *Enroll in a postsecondary program in the state of Florida. Florida Academic Scholars (FAS) The Florida Academic Scholars program provides 100% of funding for a public program of study. This includes all applicable tuition and fees. Students who choose a private institution will receive a comparable award but it may not cover the entire cost. Winners also receive $300 per semester for additional educational costs. This is the most competitive Bright Futures program and has the highest requirements. Florida Medallion Scholars (FMS) The Florida Medallion Scholars program provides 75% of funding for a public program of study. This includes 75% of all applicable tuition and fees. Students who choose a private institution will receive a comparable award but it may not cover the entire 75%. This program is less competitive than the Florida Academic Scholars program. So, if you don’t qualify for Florida Academic Scholars, you may still be able to cover 75% of your costs. For complete information, visit http://www.floridastudentfinancialaidsg.org First-Time Applicants Students must submit a completed Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) to OSFA for programs denoted by an asterisk (*). In order to apply for State Scholarship &amp; Grant Programs, a student must first Create a Student Account. After logging into your account, you may proceed to complete the FFAA. In order to receive Florida Bright Futures Scholarship monies, students must APPLY for the scholarship by submitting the Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) beginning Oct. 1 of their senior year. If a student does not submit this application, a student cannot receive the scholarship. Students must also request official test scores be sent to one of Florida's 12 state universities when registering for the ACT/SAT. Failing to do either of these will forfeit scholarship opportunity. FILES: Bright Futures FAS-FMS 2025-2026 Community Service Community Service / Graduation requirements By the numbers... 5 is the very basic number of community service hour(s) that you need to meet the MKHS graduation requirement. You can easily earn one hour by donating blood, or by joining the PTSA. Remember that this is an MKHS requirement and may be different at other high schools. Additional community service hours may be entered as an official part of your transcript after you submit verifiable proof of service in the form of a letter or certificate from the organization or person granting you the community service hours. 100 = If you are working towards Florida Academic Scholars (Bright Futures). 75 = If you are working toward Florida Medallion Award (Bright Futures). ​​​​​​​ Students wishing to submit their hours must submit a Community Service Report and should be attached to a letter from the organization for which they did their service. The letter must state their name, what they did, when they did it, and how many hours were completed. Community Service Packet - Fillable Dual Enrollment MDC DE Eligibility Requirements Students in grades 6-12 who are enrolled in Miami Dade County public schools, participating private and charter schools, or home school are eligible to participate in the MDC dual enrollment program. Students must have: A minimum 3.0 high school unweighted grade point average (GPA) Passed the appropriate Reading and Writing sections of the College's Basic Skills Assessment placement test (ACCUPLACER or PERT), or submitted adequate SAT/ACT scores (See additional information - Procedures for Testing and Placement Criteria for Dual Enrollment Students and College Ready Placement Test Scores). Permission from the parent/guardian, school principal and counselor Met with the College dual enrollment coordinator at the campus he/she plans to attend An understanding that the amount of work necessary to succeed in dual enrollment courses will be greater than in high school courses For more information regarding Dual Enrollment, please email Ms. Giro at sgiro1@dadeschools.net . FAFSA FAFSA stands for Free Application for Federal Student Aid which is used for receiving loans, grants, and work studies from the government to help you pay for college. To apply to FAFSA today click in the link below to start you application process today!!! https://fafsa.ed.gov/spa/fafsa/#/LOGIN?locale=en_US For more information about FAFSA click the link below: https://studentaid.gov/h/apply-for-aid/fafsa ​​​​​​​ Things You Need Before You Fill Out the FAFSA Form - Your Federal Student Aid ID (FSA ID) - Your Date of Birth - Your Social Security number - Your Driver’s license number - Your Tax Returns/W2's - Records of your untaxed income - Records of your assets (money) Need help or have questions? Contact the Federal Student Aid Information Center 1-800-433-3243 Chat and email available on fafsa.gov FILES: FAFSA Information FAFSA Common Mistakes Florida State University System The State University System of Florida (SUS) is dedicated to serving the needs of a diverse state population through excellence in teaching, research, and public service. The System’s success depends on its students and its ability to enable students to achieve a university degree. Links to programs, policies, and services are provided below to assist students and families in their educational planning. Florida’s state universities offer high quality academic degree programs and student services to enable students to meet their educational needs and professional goals. To that end, there are numerous resources available to provide information and to guide decision-making. 2025-2026 SUS Matrix Juniors Register for SCOIR: Miami Killian SHS SCOIR invite: https://app.scoir.com/signup?hsid=101069 College research : Using SCOIR, you can learn about different colleges and which ones might be a good fit. Potentially begin going on campus visits. Study for standardized tests : If you’re considering a college that requires the SAT or ACT, it’s normally wise to take the test in the Spring. This way, if you’re unhappy with your score, you have time to retake it at the beginning of senior year. However, since standardized tests have now been canceled due to the coronavirus pandemic, we encourage you to take advantage of the extra time to study for the SAT/ACT and take the test in the fall, and/or consider applying to test-optional colleges. Learn about financial aid : Once senior year rolls around, you’ll be too busy doing college applications to research the financial aid process. So focus on understanding that (and taking note of deadlines!) now. To start, here’s a good primer on how college financial aid works ​​​​​​​, and here’s an explanation of the most important financial aid acronym: EFC (Expected Family Contribution). Apply for scholarships. High school juniors are eligible for plenty of scholarships, and it’s never too early to begin earning money towards your college tuition! Plus, it’s pretty easy to turn common scholarship essays into college essays, when the time comes. Khan Acadeny SIGN UP FOR KHAN ACADEMY THROUGH YOUR STUDENT PORTAL - ITS FREE !!!! Courses Search Donate Login Sign up Main content Official SAT Practice A college readiness partnership with College Board and Khan Academy Start practicing FREE practice that is… Personalized to you We'll create a tailored practice plan for you based on a diagnostic or your SAT or PSAT/NMSQT® scores Official 8 full-length, real practice tests and content created in partnership with College Board Interactive Thousands of practice questions, videos, lessons, and hints plus study and test-taking tips and strategies Instant Get constant feedback and progress so you know where you stand Students who prepare using Official SAT Practice see substantial improvement in their SAT scores. 6 or more hours with a best practice is associated with an average 39-point increase in SAT scores In 2019 we analyzed the association between the use of Official SAT Practice and SAT scores from approximately 545,000 SAT test-takers from the class of 2019. In the study we identify three best practices -- leveling up skills, completing a full-length practice exam, and following personalized practice recommendations. Students who used Official SAT Practice for six or more hours and engaged in at least one best practice scored 39 points more than students who did not use OSP. Score increases hold true regardless of demographic characteristics. Summary of findings The inside scoop on the SAT. Free and exclusively from Khan Academy. For the first time ever, the creators of the SAT have given Khan Academy exclusive access and advice to build a personalized practice program for anyone, anywhere. These tools are free and available now for every student to take ownership of their learning and their future. For educators Our SAT coach tools help you support your students as they prepare for the SAT or PSAT/NMSQT®. You’ll review your students’ practice activity and help them stick to their practice schedules. Also, we detect the skills your class needs the most help with and provide targeted SAT lessons you can incorporate into your classroom. Educators, learn more For parents Parents, Official SAT Practice on Khan Academy is effective, personalized to your child, and 100% free. Have them check it out today! Parents, learn more The best way to practice for the SAT is now free and personalized for everyone. Full-length SAT SAT Math SAT Reading and Writing SAT Tips &amp; Strategies Our mission is to provide a free, world-class education to anyone, anywhere. Letters of Recommendation Students may request a letter of recommendation with the form below. Please complete the form and submit to the individual recommending you. Counselors require at least 10 business days ; teachers may need more time. Different individuals may use a different form. Invite your counselor/teacher in SCOIR where they will receive an email notification that a letter of recommendation has been requested You MUST activate your SCOIR account in order to request letters of recommendations STUDENTS MUST: Place their schools into the applying column Upload their counselor recommendation survey/brag sheet into My Drive in SCOIR The form below is required if you are requesting a letter of recommendation from your counselor. Files: Recommendation Request Form NCAA NCAA Eligibility Center The kickoff of a new school year is a great time for students to start the initial-eligibility process by registering with the Eligibility Center. Two different accounts are available when a student registers at eligibilitycenter.org. Below are instructions for completing both types of accounts. Certification Account A student-athlete must be certified by the NCAA Eligibility Center to compete at an NCAA Division I or II school, make official visits to a school or sign a National Letter of Intent. The registration fee is $90 for domestic students and $150 for international students. Registration typically takes approximately 30 to 45 minutes. Students who are eligible for a fee waiver should indicate that when they are completing their registration. Counselors can approve fee waivers for their students by following the instructions here. Profile Account If a student-athlete is currently unsure which division they want to compete in or plan to compete at a Division III school, they should create a Profile Page. Creating a Profile Page is free and easy. Students should expect 15 to 30 minutes to complete a Profile Page. If at any time the student wishes to play at the Division I or II level, they can transition to a Certification Account and pay the registration fee to begin the certification process. Please encourage your student-athletes that want to play college sports to complete their NCAA registration at eligibilitycenter.org. Students can find more information and resources about registering on our How to Register page. SAT For more information about the SAT go to www.collegeboard.org Test Date August 23, 2025 September 13, 2025 October 4, 2025 November 8, 2025 December 6, 2025 March 14, 2026 May 2, 2026 June 6, 2026 To register for the SAT go to: www.sat.org/register ​​​​​​​ Free SAT Practice Tests: https://www.march2success.com/ Practicing for the SAT: https://www.khanacademy.org/ To request a waiver, use the ACT/SAT FEE WAIVER REQUEST link below: https://forms.office.com/r/TmyCizidYC Please answer all questions on the form. IMPORTANT!!! Only (4) ACT and (2) SAT per student. (Junior year waivers count!) Must have free and reduced lunch (To be verified by Ms. Giro) If you already received an SAT waiver and you used it, then you do not need to request the 2nd waiver. You will get the 2nd SAT waiver on your college board account. New requests must be made 1 week prior to regular deadline (Note: holidays/weekends/teacher planning days not included) WAIVERS WILL BE READY 48 HOURS AFTER THE REQUEST WAS MADE ONLINE (holiday and weekends not included) *PRIORITY WILL BE GIVEN TO SENIORS* FILES: Practicing for the SAT Linking Khan Academy to College Board Account 25-26 Test Dates Scholarships A scholarship is an award of financial assistance for a student to further their post-secondary education at a college, university, or other academic institution. Scholarships are awarded based upon various criteria, such as academic merit, diversity and inclusion, athletic skill, financial need, among others. Or some combination of these criteria. Scholarship criteria usually reflect the values and goals of the donor or founder of the award. While scholarship recipients are not required to repay scholarships, the awards may require that the recipient continue to meet certain requirements during their period of support, such maintaining a minimum grade point average or engaging in a certain activity (e.g., playing on a school sports team for athletic scholarship holders, or serving as a teaching assistant for some graduate scholarships). • Academic scholarships typically use a minimum Grade Point Average or standardized test score such as the ACT or SAT to select awardees. • Athletic scholarships are generally based on athletic performance of a student and used as a tool to recruit high-performing athletes for their school's athletic teams. • Merit scholarships can be based on a number of criteria, including performance in a particular school subject or club participation or community service. Grants, however, are offered based exclusively on financial need and determined using the applicant's FAFSA information. Check the link below for monthly information on scholarships! Scholarship Bulletin 2025-2026 Files: Scholarship Websites and Info SCOIR All Students (grades 9-12) MUST have a SCOIR Account Miami Killian SHS SCOIR invite: https://app.scoir.com/signup?hsid=101069 SCOIR is comprehensive college planning guide and is mandatory for all students to use. Use SCOIR to do college research, planning and as a communication tool. Set-up your profile, follow colleges you are interested in, create a resume, etc. To get to know the website more and to understand it better click on the link below. ​​​​​​​https://www.scoir.com/who-we-help FILES: SCOIR Student Information SCOIR sign up guide SCOIR Parents How to Request a Fee Waiver or Recommendation on SCOIR POSSE Posse Scholarship Requirements &amp; Assessment Process: The foundation assists schools in identifying and recruiting exceptional groups of students. This scholarship program offers full tuition for four years to its recipients who will be attending one of the Foundation's partner universities all across the United States. The Posse Foundation has remained diligent in supporting our Scholars, Alumni, Partner colleges/universities, and community. Luckily, Posse can continue recruiting and selecting amazing young leaders in our community for the Posse Foundation Scholarship this upcoming Fall. As a reminder to our amazing nominators: Nominations will open May 1st!! There are only 20 spots so if you want to get nominated please reach out to Mrs.Cantens. Interviews will begin in August of your senior year. This is a great opportunity for juniors to go to great schools and spread leadership. 1. Pre-nominee Flyer link: https://documentcloud.adobe.com/link/track?uri=urn%3Aaaid%3Ascds%3AUS%3A87f4d2dd-0310-4171-b996-5e470332b29d To learn more bout the Foundation click the link below: https://www.possefoundation.org/sites/miami Applying to Colleges Applying To College Applying For Admission – What makes an application COMPLETE? Application – CommonApp or the schools on website (REQUIRED EVERYWHERE) Transcript/coursework - electronic or hard copy, self-reported (SSAR) or must be sent from school via SCOIR or request on https://miamikillianhs.com/ (REQUIRED EVERYWHERE) Application fee - REQUIRED EVERYWHERE (fee waiver(s) can be used &amp; requested in SCOIR) SAT/ACT scores *** REQUIRED MOST EVERYWHERE – Some are now test optional, others allow you to self-report, others require scores come from SAT/ACT – AND YOU MUST REQUEST THIS, THEY ARE NOT ON YOUR TRANSCRIPT. ALL FLORIDA Public Institutions require scores. Letters of recommendation - (if applicable) REQUEST IN SCOIR Essay/Personal Statement - (if applicable) Copy of other required documentation – (if applicable) ALL THIS BY THE SCHOOL’S STATED DEADLINE!!!! *Important! Keep photocopies/screenshots of everything you mail! TIMELINE August – October/November/December: Applications for admission – YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CHECK FOR DEADLINE FOR EACH SCHOOL YOU ARE APPLYING TO August – June: SAT/ACT testing October: Florida Financial Aid Application - FFAA (Bright Futures &amp; all state programs) OPENS; the FAFSA the Federal Financial Aid Application OPENS; and if needed the CSS Profile OPENS – ALL FINANCIAL AID KICKS OFF 10/1 (All Cambridge students MUST apply to Bright Futures) October – December/January: Complete necessary financial aid apps February – April: Housing applications (if applicable) March – May: Verification &amp; Award letters DEADLINES EARLY DECISION: binding October-November (most deadlines: November 1st) EARLY ACTION: non-binding (may be different for some schools) REGULAR DECISION: varies as per college/university (SSAR complete by 12/1 &amp; SAT/ACT scores must be received by 12/15) ***check website regularly ALWAYS CONTACT EACH INSTITUTION TO VERIFY ALL DEADLINES! Miami Killian Senior High School 10655 SW 97TH AVENUE MIAMI, FL 33176 P: (305) 271-3311 facebook facebook2 instagram instagram x X WEB ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT Copyright © 2025-2026 Miami Killian Senior High. All Rights Reserved
