URL: http://www.miamikillianhs.net/wp-content/uploads/2025/12/Scholarship-Websites-and-Info.pdf
ORG: Miami Killian Senior High - Scholarship Websites and Info
COUNTY: Miami-Dade
KIND: linked
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Scholarship Websites https://www.goingmerry.com/ https://www.scholarsnapp.org/ http://www.scholarship-page.com https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/types/grants-scholarships/finding-scholarships http://www.scholarshipportal.com/ https://scholarshipowl.com/ https://myscholly.com/ 10 Tips on Winning a Scholarship 1. Start searching for scholarships as soon as possible. Do not wait until spring of your senior year in high school to start searching, or you will miss half the deadlines. Continue searching for scholarships even after you are enrolled in college. Consider this like a full-time job. 2. Answer all the optional questions on a scholarship matching web site for about twice as many matches. 3. Use a free scholarship matching service like some of those you will find at the end of this bulletin. 4. Apply to every scholarship for which you are eligible. Pursue less competitive scholarships, such as small awards and essay contests, since they are easier to win, and the money adds up and helps you win bigger scholarships. 5. Don't miss deadlines. Use a calendar and checklist to get organized. 6. Tailor your application to the sponsor's goals. Read and follow the instructions carefully. 7. If you have difficulty writing essays, try recording yourself as you answer the question out loud, and transcribe the recording later. Most people can think and speak faster than they can write or type. Create an outline afterward to organize your thoughts. 8. Personalize your essay and be passionate. Write about something of interest to you. Make your application stand out from the crowd. Talk about your impact on other people. Give examples and be specific. 9. Google your name and make sure you have a professional online profile. Use a professional email address, such as firstname.lastname@gmail.com. Clean up the content of your Facebook/Instagram/Snapchat etc… accounts, removing inappropriate and immature material. More Search Engines and Scholarship Programs • Scholar Snapp – THIS IS LIKE A COMMONAPP FOR SCHOLARSHIPS!!! A free, simple to use data standard that allows students to reuse their application information - including contact information, essays, transcripts, etc. - from one scholarship application to another thereby streamlining the college scholarship application process. • Scholly – A mobile app that provides students with a fast and simple way to find scholarships for college. (Created by Christopher Gray, a Coca-Cola Scholar!) • Peerlift - Proven scholarships, internships, summer programs, and more gathered by fellow students like you. (Founded by a team of 2017 Coca-Cola Scholars!) Learn more about the creation of Peerlift. • CashCourse – Information that helps college students stay financially informed. • Common Knowledge Scholarship Foundation – Educational and scholarship opportunities for students of all levels. • Scholarship America – Provides information and resources for your scholarship search. • KnowHow2GO – Complete information on college prep, whether in middle school or seniors. • HS Finder (Hispanic Scholarship Fund) – Scholarship information for Latino students. • Thurgood Marshall College Fund – Provides scholarships, programmatic and capacity building support to the 47 public Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). • Gates Millennium Scholars – Provides outstanding low income African American, American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian Pacific Islander American, and Hispanic American students with an opportunity to complete an undergraduate college education in any discipline they choose. • Asian & Pacific Islander American Scholarship Fund – The nation’s largest non-profit organization devoted to providing college scholarships for Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPI). • American Indian College Fund – Provides Native American students with scholarships and financial support for the nation’s 33 accredited tribal colleges and universities. • Dell Scholars Program – Recognizes academic potential and determination in students that have a definite need for financial assistance. • UNCF – Awards 10,000 students each year through 400 scholarship and internship programs so that students from low- and moderate-income families can afford college tuition, books and room and board. • Chegg – A place to connect with scholarships and learn about colleges. • Reagan Foundation Scholarships - Scholarship opportunities for outstanding student leaders. • Goizueta Legacy Scholarship - Provides scholarships for the children of Coca-Cola employees. • American Indian Graduate Center & AIGCS - The largest scholarship providers to Native students in the United States, awarding $15 million in scholarships annually and more than $200 million since inception. For almost 50 years, AIGC has funded students pursing undergraduate, graduate, and professional degrees in any field of study at any accredited institution of choice, working with over 500 tribes in all 50 states. FINANCIAL AID https://studentaid.gov/h/apply-for-aid/fafsa This is the website used to file for federal financial aid. PLEASE NOTE: The FAFSA form is available each year beginning October 1st https://studentaid.gov/fafsa-app/ROLES - you can create your FSA (Federal Student Aid) ID here (and 1 for your parent/guardian too) and be ready to go when FAFSA opens!! https://studentaid.gov/aid-estimator/ - check this out for an estimate of your aid The Florida Financial Aid Application (FFAA) will also open October 1st This is the APPLICATION FOR BRIGHT FUTURES!!! www.floridastudentfinancialaid.org BRIGHT FUTURES SCHOLARSHIPS ALL Seniors will apply for this scholarship opportunity as well as ALL financial assistance offered by the state of Florida beginning in October. If you would like to learn more about Bright Futures and other financial aid offered by the state, visit: https://www.floridastudentfinancialaidsg.org/SAPBFMAIN/SAPBFMAIN CAN YOU RECOGNIZE A SCHOLARSHIP SCAM? • It may state you have won an award for which you didn’t apply • It does not supply valid contact information • It often requires personal information such as a credit card # or a checking account # to “hold” or “verify” a scholarship POPULAR (BUT FALSE) CLAIMS: • “For a small fee, we’ll give you a list of scholarships.” • “$6.6 billion in scholarships went unclaimed last year.” • “You are guaranteed a minimum of $1,000 in awards.” • “We have a 96 % (or some such impressive #) success rate.” • “We will do all the work for you.” REPORT A SUSPECTED SCAMMER TO ANY OF THE FOLLOWING AGENCIES: • National Fraud Information Center (NFIC) 800-876-7060 or www.fraud.org • Federal Trade Commission (FTC) 877-FTC-HELP or www.ftc.gov • Better Business Bureau 703-276-0100 or www.bbb.org • United States Postal Inspection Service (USPIS) 800-654-8896 or www.usps.gov/postalinspectors/fraud
